Speakers: Erin Hattersley
Event Title: Increasing Accessibility to Public Services via Open Source Software
Event Date: Thursday, May 2, 2024
Event Start Time: 9:00 AM
Event End Time: 10:00 AM
Event Description: Did you know that approximately $80 Billion of funding for essential programs and services goes unused each year in the United States? Join us for a dynamic panel discussion that explores how open source software can bridge accessibility gaps for public benefits and services. We will discuss how technical solutions enable residents by creating equitable access to opportunities in their communities. We will explore this topic through the lens of two projects: CiviForm, an open source software developed by The City of Seattle with support from a full-time team of pro bono Google.org Fellows in 2020. Through CiviForm, residents and community organizations can find and apply to multiple public service programs in one place, resulting in reduced application times by up to 80% and as much as $23K in savings for qualified families. Building on that success, additional governments have chosen to use CiviForm including Bloomington, Indiana; Charlotte, North Carolina; and the State of Arkansas...with more joining the software collaborative in 2024!  Bloom Housing, a user-friendly platform built by Exygy that simplifies the search and application process for affordable housing for residents, property managers, and housing staff. Bloom has seen over 1 million unique users and has had 2000+ housing units listed since it launched in 2017. With support from a full-time team of pro bono Google.org Fellows, Bloom has been implemented in the City of Detroit and across the San Francisco Bay Area. At this panel, you’ll hear from representatives who have firsthand experience implementing these open source software tools to improve benefits and services accessibility. Attendees will gain practical insights into how they can leverage similar technologies in their respective communities and have an opportunity to ask questions to continue the discussion.Register here.