Name: Alexandra Pittman, PhD
Title: I support effective impact tracking and storytelling for global changemakers, donors, and investors. 🌏  Founder of ImpactMapper, HERO Index, and Havn Hus, a retreat center in Norwegian fjords │ Public speaker │ Investor
Occupation: Investor at WIN Ventures I
Bio: Alexandra Pittman, PhD, stands at the forefront of impact tracking, storytelling, and social justice, human rights, and sustainability reporting. As the Founder and CEO of ImpactMapper, she and her team have developed a groundbreaking software tool and consultancy firm empowering donors, nonprofits, corporates, and impact investors to track, visualize and optimize their social impact funding and activities. Wanting to create a deeper impact on the corporate space, Pittman also created the HERO Index, a tool that tracks corporate performance on key aspects of human rights and sustainability. 

Over the past 18 years, Alexandra has cultivated partnerships and advised global influencers and changemakers, including teams at UNDP, UN Women, IKEA, Chanel Foundation, Meta, Malala Fund, Oxfam, Fund for Global Human Rights, Porticus, Winthrop Rockefeller Fund, to name a few. Her strategic guidance has helped organisations crystallise their values, articulate their goals, and effectively track and communicate their impact stories.

Supporting her career trajectory, Alexandra earned a PhD in Sociology and Cultural Psychology from Boston College in 2009 and then held a Senior Research Fellowship at Harvard University. Her expertise spans diverse areas, including monitoring, evaluation, and learning, impact management, participatory methodology, storytelling methodology, gender equity, social justice, tech for good, philanthropy and impact investing, social enterprise creation, and responsible AI. 

Championing Sustainability, Social Justice, Impact, and Wellness

Beyond the digital realm, Alexandra extends her commitment to sustainability, social justice, and wellness principles. This passion led to the creation of Havn Hus, a retreat center nestled in the Norwegian fjords. This physical space weaves together important philosophical strands, bringing together inner and outer wellness and alignment for our planet and people. Here, with her team she creates space for authentic wellness and networking experiences, fostering a holistic approach to impact endeavours. 

Join Dr. Alexandra Pittman in collaborating to determine the most effective use of your resources and capital for impact and transformative change. 

Connect with her on Linkedin or schedule a meeting today.
Country: Norway

    Title/Company: Public Speaker and Trainer at AVP in None from Month: 1,Year: 2018 to Month:  year:  doing I engage in public speaking, keynotes, and workshops on the power of stories to move, inspire and learn, as well as my areas of research expertise, such as impact measurement, using data to make better investing and grantmaking decisions, sustainability and tech, ending violence against women 
and girls, women's movements, human rights, gender lens investing and grantmaking, women tech founders, AI & tech for good. 

I speak with and advise foundations, multilaterals, family offices, impact investors, corporations, universities, and nonprofits.

Some examples of talks I have given appear below.  Get in touch for more info at www.alexandrapittman.com

Getting More out of Your Story Data: Insights for Grantmakers and Nonprofits. Data for Good Conference. 2020.

The power of stories: Xynteo Exchange. Oslo, Norway October 2019.

AI for good in philanthropic and humanitarian contexts: Exploring questions of ethics and values. Panel presentation with Google, IBM and Microsoft’s AI for Good on the Ethics of AI in humanitarian and philanthropic contexts The Battery. San Francisco, CA. Feb 2019. https://www.facebook.com/watch/live/?v=2284828565179015&ref=watch_permalink

Sustainability reporting in corporations and technological solutions. Sustainability Hub. Oslo, Norway. May 2019. 

The role of coding text and machine learning in tracking the SDGs. October 2019. UN Women Data Fair. NYC, NY

Choosing the right impact metrics for impact investing. Tech Festival. Copenhagen September 2018.

Living your passion. Building a business you love. Women's entrepreneurship panel. Impact for Breakfast. Nordic Impact. Oslo Norway, 2018.

Podcast interview. Change Creator with Adam Force. What you need to know about data for bigger social impact. 2018. https://changecreator.com/what-you-need-to-know-about-data-for-bigger-social-impact/

    Title/Company: Founder and Principal Research and Evaluation Consultant for AVP Global Consulting, LLC at Consultant in None from Month: 1,Year: 2005 to Month:  year:  doing I work with a range of clients, designing, managing, and implementing research and evaluations in the social justice and women's rights field, including foundations, donors, and international nonprofits since 2005. Past clients include: AWID, Foundation Center, FRIDA, Hauser Center for Nonprofits, Harvard University, Kvinna till Kvinna, Open Society Foundations (NYC and Armenia), Oxfam America, Oxfam International, Oxfam Great Britain, Mama Cash, UNDP, UN Women, and Women’s Learning Partnership. 

I work collaboratively, designing and managing research and training processes to:
• Conduct strategic reviews of current practices and policies, providing specific recommendations
for strengthening in alignment with the mission, vision and values.
• Advise or implement any stage of the research or evaluation process—from methodological
design, data collection, analysis, to reporting.
• Provide recommendations on how to use research/evaluation results to strengthen existing programs or organizational practices.
• Develop and lead participatory trainings to enhance specific evaluation skills/capacities.
• Uncover latent assessment systems and develop meaningful monitoring and evaluation (M&E)
systems and learning processes that work for organizations.
• Co-create meaningful and creative systems, tools, and visualizations for assessing and communicating change processes, outcomes, and “impact.”

    Title/Company: M&E Consultant at International Network of Women's Funds (INWF) in None from Month: 1,Year: 2014 to Month: 12 year: 2018 doing 1. Creating a set of collective indicators for the network of 43 women's foundations globally to measure the diverse changes they are making to women's and human rights and movement building
2. Writing a manual on aggregating and visualizing change in women's rights and gender equality using diverse methods
3. Developing indicators for "the Campaigner", a new crowdsourcing platform for women's rights organizations by  INWF, Mama Cash, AWID, Catapult, and APC.

    Title/Company: Evaluation Consultant at Foundation Center in None from Month: 7,Year: 2013 to Month: 1 year: 2015 doing 1. Research Consultant involved in the Center for Disaster Philanthropy and Foundation Center's, "Measuring the State of Disaster Philanthropy" Project. (2014)
2. Research and participation in developing online learning tool for the ecosystem-based community management (ECM) approaches across the fisheries sector for Rockefeller Foundation. (2013)

    Title/Company: Research and Evaluation Consultant at Open Society Institute-Armenia in Yerevan, Armenia from Month: 7,Year: 2012 to Month: 3 year: 2013 doing Review and comprehensive assessment of the climate for women’s rights and women’s movement building in Armenia that includes:
a. Construction of donor and women’s organizations database/mapping on funding of resources, strategies, their vision or agenda, strategies, and measurable criteria for impact assessment in order to understand what change they are pursuing and with what means.
b. Research and analysis of key needs, strategies and tactics to strengthen women’s movement building from different perspectives. 
c. Participatory strategic planning of future needs in terms of increasing women’s rights and areas of protection amongst women’s movements, women’s NGOs and human rights NGOs, experts, and donors.

    Title/Company: Researcher at Association for Women's Rights in Development (AWID) in None from Month: 10,Year: 2010 to Month: 2 year: 2012 doing Research Associate for Building Feminist Movements and Organizations (BFEMO) and Where is the Money for Women’s Rights (WITM) Strategic Initiatives. 

Key Accomplishments: 
• Monitoring and Evaluation: Author and moderator of AWID’s M&E wiki. Researcher responsible for the participatory design and implementation of the mid-term aggregate assessment of impact of the MDG3 Fund with Srilatha Batliwala,
Cindy Clark, and a sample of MDG3 Fund grantees. Responsible for internal M&E of the BFEMO initiative, supported writing and articulation of key bilateral grant proposals.
• Resource Mobilization: Head researcher in the Where is the Money for Women's RIghts (WITM) team, taking the lead in the design, cleaning and analysis of 2011 WITM Global Survey and research with over 1100 women's organizations. 
• Aid Effectiveness: Conducted analysis on Paris Declaration and Accra Agenda for Action plans and wrote a book chapter for the 2011 Reality of Aid report on gender analysis of the Paris Declaration and Accra Agenda for Action plans with Anne Schoenstein and Lydia Alpizar. Provided M&E expertise on post-Busan M&E processes.

    Title/Company: Postdoctoral Fellow at Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations, Harvard University in None from Month: 10,Year: 2010 to Month: 12 year: 2011 doing Provided research methodology and analysis expertise for "The Role of Brand in Nonprofit Organizations and Philanthropies" research project, funded by Rockefeller Foundation. Conducted interviews and qualitative analysis for the project.

    Title/Company: Owner at Havn Retreat Center in Isfjorden, Norway · On-site from Month: 6,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Havn Hus is an exclusive-use rental venue that is designed to deepen inspiration, wellness and creativity set in the stunning Norwegian fjords.

Havn Hus caters to a diverse range of needs, making it an ideal venue for gatherings of changemakers working to address global social and environmental issues, corporate, nonprofit, impact investor, and board retreats, team-building sessions, immersive workshops, and trainings, yoga and meditation events, as well as special events rooted in the values of happiness, harmony, justice, and peace.

Havn Hus is situated in the heart of Romsdalsfjord. Boasting incredible views of the fjord with waterfalls pouring into the sea, the house offers eight bedrooms and nine bathrooms, comfortably holding up to 14–15 people. The exclusive-use venue has modern luxury elements such as a spacious kitchen and living room, a fourteen-seat dining room, and a versatile second-floor area for meetings or yoga sessions. There is also a private bar house for workshops, music performances, or cafe seating. A large inviting deck overlooks the fjords. Kayaks and canoes are provided on the property, allowing guests to enjoy the water and explore the surrounding areas. 

See more at www.havnhus.no

    Title/Company: Founder and CEO at ImpactMapper in Cambridge MA from Month: 8,Year: 2014 to Month:  year:  doing ImpactMapper is an impact reporting and software tool to track trends in data and stories of social impact so donors, investors, corporates and nonprofits can spend more time where it counts: learning and transforming the world. 

Some of the most respected foundations, multi-laterals, nonprofits and corporations are using ImpactMapper, such as UNDP, UNFPA, UN Women, Fund for Global Human Rights, Chanel Foundation, Oak Foundation, Arcus Foundation, the Equality Fund, Oxfam International, Oxfam Canada, Islamic Forum for Intercultural Dialogue, TRAG, MIT Civic Media Center, Charge, +impact accelerator, Saalt, to name a few.

Speaking 
Available for keynote speeches and interviews on storytelling and data, impact management and tracking impact, social entrepreneurship, advocacy and funding trends for women entrepreneurs and civil society organizations, tech for good, AI, and finding and igniting your passion.

Recent speaking engagements:

The power of stories and using stories as datasets: Xynteo Exchange. Oslo, Norway October 2019
AI for good in philanthropic and humanitarian contexts: Exploring questions of ethics and values. 

Panel presentation with Google, IBM and Microsoft’s AI for Good on the Ethics of AI in humanitarian and philanthropic contexts The Battery. San Francisco, CA. Feb 2019.

Sustainability reporting in corporations and technological solutions. Sustainability Hub. Oslo, Norway. May 2019. 

The role of coding text and machine learning in tracking the SDGs. October 2019. UN Women Data Fair. NYC, NY

Choosing the right impact metrics for impact investing. Tech Festival. Copenhagen September 2018.
Living your passion. Building a business you love. Women's entrepreneurship panel.  Impact for Breakfast. Nordic Impact. Oslo Norway, 2018.

For full CV see attached.

    Title/Company: Advisor at Katapult Accelerator in Oslo Area, Norway from Month: 3,Year: 2019 to Month:  year:  doing Advise startup companies and the accelerator on how to develop and measure social impact metrics and KPIs. Also provide advisement on effective bootstrapping, partnership development and diverse fundraising strategies.

    Title/Company: Investor at WIN Ventures I in Hybrid from Month: 8,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Advisor at + Impact Accelerator at Danske Bank in Copenhagen Area, Capital Region, Denmark from Month: 10,Year: 2018 to Month: 11 year: 2020 doing Advise startup companies on how to develop and measure social impact metrics and KPIs in alignment with their value propositions.

    Title/Company: Senior Gender Consultant at UNDP in None from Month: 10,Year: 2013 to Month: 12 year: 2018 doing 1. Methodologist and data quality assurance for UNDP Global Thematic Evaluation on Gender Mainstreaming  and Gender Equality and Women's Empowerment 2008-2013 (March 2014-present).

2. Develop a background paper on gender, evaluation, and gender mainstreaming to feed into a workshop with UNDP, UN Women, and others to conduct a Thematic Gender Evaluation (October-December 2013)

    Title/Company: Gender Analysis Trainer at Oxfam America in Greater Boston Area, El Salvador from Month: 9,Year: 2013 to Month: 12 year: 2017 doing Training and curriculum development for Oxfam staff on gender analysis skills-building for integration into their grant application process (GAP). Training team: Kellea Miller and Alilevu Ramisetty.  The GAP toolkit was written by Kellea Miller.

    Title/Company: Evaluation Consultant at Kvinna till kvinna in Yerevan, Baku, Tbilisi from Month: 9,Year: 2013 to Month: 4 year: 2014 doing Evaluation of Kvinna till Kvinna's women's rights and peace-building program in Armenia and Azerbaijan.

Training with Armenian and Azerbaijani partners on M&E and peacebuilding (April 2014).

    Title/Company: Independent Research Consultant at Oxfam in None from Month: 1,Year: 2010 to Month: 12 year: 2013 doing None

    Title/Company: Evaluation Consultant at Mama Cash in Amsterdam Area, Netherlands from Month: 6,Year: 2013 to Month: 9 year: 2013 doing Designed second phase of Mama Cash's M&E Framework and elaborated a draft Theory of Change to feed into strategic planning conversations.

    Title/Company: Monitoring and Evaluation (M&E) Consultant at FRIDA | The Young Feminist Fund in None from Month: 10,Year: 2012 to Month: 12 year: 2012 doing 1. Development of FRIDA's M&E system and plan
2. Designing key indicators and outcomes and data collection processes, such as interviews and participatory learning tools
3. Contribution to FRIDA's strategic plan development, particularly around M&E
4. Writing and documentation of FRIDA's organizational history

    Title/Company: Technical Learning Monitoring and Evaluation advisor (LME) at Open Society Foundations in None from Month: 8,Year: 2012 to Month: 11 year: 2012 doing Support the LME Director, Ramesh Singh, by providing technical M&E inputs into the Learning Monitoring and Evaluation (LME) system being designed by OSF, as well as assisting with designing of an 8-day M&E training for OSF staff.
1. Provide technical advice on the indicators, tools, methods and systems related to monitoring and evaluation of human rights, social justice and democracy related work.
2. Provide higher-level technical feedback and assistance in finalizing papers and submissions of LME Director for the Strategy-Budget-Performance design process.
3. Assist LME Director in developing monitoring and evaluation
training programs tailored to OSF’s work and the organization.

    Title/Company: Part-time Faculty at Emerson College in None from Month: 1,Year: 2010 to Month: 5 year: 2010 doing Teaching SO 206 Gender in a Global Perspective

