Name: Andrea García Borja
Title: Data Analyst at Missing Migrants Project , IOM - UN Migration
Occupation: Data Analyst at IOM - UN Migration
Bio: MIGRATION REVOLUTIONIST - I believe in the potential of every individual to bring value to societies. I work to inform evidence-based and humane migration policies. I specialize on the risks that people face on irregular migration routes around the world. I have worked and studied worked and studied in Mexico, Belgium, India, Kenya and Germany. I am the most comfortable working in multicultural teams.
Country: Germany

    Title/Company: Data Analyst at IOM - UN Migration in Berlin, Germany from Month: 9,Year: 2020 to Month:  year:  doing Data collection, management and dissemination for the Missing Migrants Project, hosted by IOM's Global Migration Data Analysis Center. 

Data used to inform target 10.7.3 of the SDGs, "number of people who died or disappeared in the process of migration towards an international destination."

    Title/Company: Intern at IOM - UN Migration in Berlin Area, Germany from Month: 2,Year: 2020 to Month: 9 year: 2020 doing Intern of the Missing Migrants Project at the Global Migration Data Center (GMDAC).

    Title/Company: Junior Program Officer at Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH in Brussels, Belgium / Nairobi, Kenya / Berlin, Germany from Month: 6,Year: 2017 to Month: 5 year: 2018 doing EU Trust Fund for Africa, Better Migration Management Programme. 

Successfully switched between three regional offices holding different positions and performing corresponding tasks in each of them.

    Title/Company: Program Manager at Mamá Digital in Mexico City Area, Mexico from Month: 1,Year: 2016 to Month: 7 year: 2016 doing Executed the roll-out of MIT program One Laptop Per Child in Mexicaltzingo, Mexico.

    Title/Company: Project Management Consultant at Mamá Digital in Mexico City Area, Mexico from Month: 2,Year: 2015 to Month: 12 year: 2015 doing Evaluated multiple programs on digital literacy and advised on how to increase overall impact.

    Title/Company: Intern to the DG at Ethos, Public Policy Lab in Mexico City Area, Mexico from Month: 5,Year: 2013 to Month: 12 year: 2013 doing 

    Title/Company: Intern at Centro de Estudios e Investigación en Desarrollo y Asistencia Social in Mexico City Area, Mexico from Month: 12,Year: 2012 to Month: 4 year: 2013 doing Program to Prevent Trafficking in Persons

