Name: Brandolon Barnett
Title: Author, former elected official, Founder of The Regular & Head of Innovation & Philanthropy at Giving Compass. Supporting tech and social impact initiatives that move resources to people who need them.
Occupation: Member Board of Trustees at World Learning
Bio: Brandolon Barnett is an innovator, author, and entrepreneur, helping to build and lead products, initiatives, and partnerships that bring together tech and social impact to move resources to people who need them. 

His book, Dreams Deferred: Recession, Struggle, and the Quest for a Better World (https://amzn.to/3t0x1xD), chronicles his struggles through personal loss and hopelessness to build a career in social impact. 

He is currently the Founder of The Regular and Head of Innovation and Philanthropy for Giving Compass. He also serves on the board of Spur Local and World Learning. Prior to this Brandolon was Chief Product Officer for Humanitas.ai and Chief Product Officer for Y Combinator backed Deed. He also led Corporate Social Responsibility Industry Solutions within Salesforce.org Philanthropy Cloud and worked as Director of Product Management with Salesforce where he helped to build and design numerous solutions and partnerships for impact including Philanthropy Cloud, Work.com Wellbeing, and was a principal product design partner to Sean Puffy Combs and the Combs Enterprises team in design of the Shop Circulate platform supporting entrepreneurs of color. 

As an entrepreneur and investor Brandolon is Founder of DemocratizeVentures, a project supporting entrepreneurs of color in DC & New York through mentorship, product advice, & angel investments.  He's also co-Founder of goARTful (goARTful.com) and The Regular tech startups. 

Brandolon is a Pragmatic Institute Certified Product Manager and graduate of the Black Venture Institute out of UC Berkeley. He holds an MA in International Studies with a specialization in International Economics from the University of London SOAS. Previous roles also include NGO and foundation work managing programs in the realm of environmental sustainability, cultural heritage, and economic development in major US markets and on the ground in 5 countries. He also worked as a Senior Director within Global Impact where he led the Growfund startup over its first two years. Previous to this he worked as manager of philanthropic research & internal CSR with FrontStream/TRUiST and as a researcher with the Council on Foundations. 

Brandolon has been invited to speak and Keynote at multiple venues including the 2014 Conference for Sustainable Heritage Management in Rome, the 2016 conference of the Association for Corporate Contributions Professionals, Blackbaud BBCon, Dreamforce, SOCAP, the Council on Foundations Conference, SXSW, & the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Founder and President at The Regular in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 4,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Building technology for community centered on a one stop shop for communities in hospitality and service to cultivate, engage, and manage relationships with their most loyal customers - The Regular.

    Title/Company: Head of Innovation & Philanthropy at Giving Compass in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 9,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Board Member at Giving Compass in Seattle, Washington, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2023 to Month: 10 year: 2023 doing None

    Title/Company: Board Member at Spur Local in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 10,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Member Board of Trustees at World Learning in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 10,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Chief Product Officer at Humanitas Technologies in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 7,Year: 2022 to Month: 9 year: 2023 doing None

    Title/Company: Chief Product Officer at Deed in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 2,Year: 2022 to Month: 7 year: 2022 doing None

    Title/Company: Co-Founder at goARTful in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 4,Year: 2017 to Month: 2 year: 2022 doing Co-Founder & Co-CEO of goARTful. A first of its kind subscription service and technology platform. We make it easier for anyone to experience local, original, and meaningful art in their homes or offices through low subscriptions for individuals and business. We also leverage technologies like Augmented Reality, APIs, and more which make it easier to explore art. We are a social enterprise, with a mission to create a new economy for art that helps artists to thrive and our subscribing members to be profoundly and positively impacted by arts. We donate 3% of subscription revenue to the goARTful Fund which benefits artists and arts nonprofits in the US and around the world. And we create partnerships to bring art to new people and new places. We believe that art is for everyone.

    Title/Company: Director, Corporate Social Responsibility Industry Solutions, Philanthropy Cloud at Salesforce.org in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2021 to Month: 2 year: 2022 doing Build and lead a team from within Salesforce.org Philanthropy Cloud that looks across Salesforce to craft strategies, solutions, and thought leadership that both helps Salesforce customers have a greater corporate impact through the power of our Philanthropy Cloud platform (and other corporate impact-focused Salesforce solutions) and supports the growth of the social impact space through analysis of industry trends, public speaking, and thought leadership on innovations for impact.

    Title/Company: Director, Product Management, Work.com Employee Wellness & Wellbeing at Salesforce.org in Washington, District of Columbia, United States from Month: 5,Year: 2020 to Month: 1 year: 2021 doing Lead for functionality to support COVID return to work through the Work.com Command Center. Assessing and responding to trends, conceptualized and built buy-in to a broader vision for technology that better supports Employee Wellness & Wellbeing in a 21st century work from anywhere world as part of a company's Corporate Impact efforts through Work.com 2.0.

    Title/Company: Director, Product Management, Philanthropy Cloud at Salesforce.org in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 4,Year: 2018 to Month: 5 year: 2020 doing Help to conceptualize and build innovations for the Philanthropy Cloud platform. Designed and led product for launch of volunteering functionality within the platform. Contributed to Product Marketing efforts and presented on the vision for Philanthropy Cloud in numerous venues including Dreamforce.

    Title/Company: Senior Director, Partner Solutions | Growfund at Global Impact in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 7,Year: 2016 to Month: 4 year: 2018 doing •	Contributed to quadrupled asset goal in product year one
•	Invited to present on topics including alignment of CSR with the SDGs, the evolution of Global Philanthropy, Millenial Engagement, the Democratization of Philanthropy and more at the 2016 Blackbaud Conference, 2016 Independent Sector Conference, 2017 SXSW, and elsewhere
•	Support development of strategic thought leadership around GrowFund DAF and its impact on Global Philanthropy
•	Coordinate operations, product, and business development
•	Work with client corporate social responsibility teams and philanthropic institutions to advise on topics including integration of the SDGs into employee engagement, grantmaking strategies, and more

    Title/Company: Research Manager at Council on Foundations in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 9,Year: 2015 to Month: 7 year: 2016 doing •	Invited to present on topic of aligning employee engagement with the Sustainable Development Goals at the 2016 conference of the Association of Corporate Contributions Professionals (ACCP) and other venues
•	Manage activities of existing research projects and contribute to creation of new research products and impact metrics.
•	Coordinate the work of consultants, partners, and others contracted by COF for research purposes.
•	Conduct quantitative and qualitative analyses for Council research projects serving over 1,300 diverse members with over $300 billion in assets.
•	Work with Policy, Communications, and Membership to effectively integrate philanthropic research into organization's offerings.
•	Host webinars, attend conferences and prepare white papers and thought leadership content to advance the field of philanthropy.

