Name: Christina La Fleur
Title: Communication Research Consultant
Occupation: Founder at CML Consulting
Bio: None
Country: Netherlands

    Title/Company: Founder at CML Consulting in Netherlands · Hybrid from Month: 7,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Custom communication research and strategy development for policy-making, impact-driven, and socially-conscious organizations. Navigating expectations, aligning their values with their actions, and ensuring every word spoken serves their purpose.

    Title/Company: Master of Communication Science Student at University of Amsterdam in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands · On-site from Month: 8,Year: 2022 to Month: 8 year: 2023 doing Studied how empirical evidence is communicated to, through, from, and around policymaking organizations. My thesis, titled ““Evidence-Based Policymaking” & International Development Implementation: Assessing Effect of the Movement on the Evidence Discourse from the Perspective of Program Managers”, won Digicomlab’s 2023 innovative digital communication research grant.

    Title/Company: Research Director at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in Greater Chicago Area from Month: 4,Year: 2022 to Month: 7 year: 2022 doing Strategic analytics counselor providing hand-in-glove service, innovative research, and actionable insight to global client base. 

Designed and managed quantitative and qualitative projects to test messaging, evaluate strategy, and generate opportunities for thought leadership and growth.  Conducted secondary research and measurement to identify opportunities, inform decision-making, and develop innovative campaigns.

    Title/Company: Senior Research Manager at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in Greater Chicago Area from Month: 10,Year: 2021 to Month: 4 year: 2022 doing None

    Title/Company: Research Manager at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in Greater Chicago Area from Month: 5,Year: 2021 to Month: 10 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Senior Research Analyst at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in None from Month: 7,Year: 2019 to Month: 5 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Research Analyst at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in None from Month: 3,Year: 2018 to Month: 7 year: 2019 doing None

    Title/Company: Research & Analytics Intern at FleishmanHillard TRUE Global Intelligence in None from Month: 8,Year: 2017 to Month: 3 year: 2018 doing None

    Title/Company: Federal Affairs James H. Dunn Fellow at State of Illinois in Washington DC from Month: 8,Year: 2016 to Month: 7 year: 2017 doing Researched federal grants, congressional bills, and a range of federal and state public policy issues.  Composed memos and letters, represented the office at national organization meetings and congressional hearings, and provided general administrative support to the state Federal Affairs office.

    Title/Company: Research Intern at Hudson Institute in Telecommute from Month: 10,Year: 2015 to Month: 10 year: 2016 doing Conducted research according to the needs of the Center for Political-Military Analysis, including assembling sources, writing reports, and fact-checking.  Regions of interest included Central Asia, China, and Russia.

    Title/Company: Conversation Assistant at Fundació Llor in Sant Boi de Llobregot, Catalunya, Spain from Month: 10,Year: 2015 to Month: 6 year: 2016 doing Taught at a nursery through bachillerato school near Barcelona.  Conducted speaking tests and facilitated frequent, natural English conversation situations. Planned lessons and ran English and Social Studies classes.

