Name: Dianna Langley
Title: Chief Operating Officer at NetHope
Occupation: Chief Operating Officer at NetHope
Bio: As NetHope’s COO I bring together NetHope's nonprofit Members, technology Partners, donors, governments and others to facilitate robust strategic advocacy, program design, opportunity generation and fundraising, and our program and service delivery.  I oversee the strategy, design, management and ongoing improvement of our teams and activities in Member engagement, corporate partnerships, the NetHope Center for the Digital Nonprofit, and our Field and Impact Programs. I co-create and nurture a performance culture among a group of diverse, globally dispersed, and highly talented and creative individuals who work across a range of technical and thematic skills to bring the hope and power of digital to humanitarian and conservation missions. With my teams, I ensure that NetHope, its communities, and its programs deliver measurable, cost-effective results that satisfy donors, NetHope Members and partners, as well as our program participants, and have maximum positive outcomes for the good of people and planet.
Country: United Kingdom

    Title/Company: Strategic Advisor at Global Cyber Alliance in None from Month: 5,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Chief Operating Officer at NetHope in None from Month: 4,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Leading NetHope’s programming via Membership Engagement, Field & Impact Programs, and 
Center for the Digital Nonprofit.

    Title/Company: Senior Director of Engagement at NetHope at NetHope in Oxford, England, United Kingdom from Month: 11,Year: 2020 to Month: 4 year: 2022 doing None

    Title/Company: Director of Digital Community at NetHope in United Kingdom from Month: 7,Year: 2020 to Month: 11 year: 2020 doing NetHope’s Director of Digital Community is responsible for driving deep member engagement and for facilitating collaboration amongst members, partners, and other actors.  This entails understanding NetHope's members’ missions and priorities, ideating with them to identify transformation activities, and facilitating the creation of programs to drive those activities. This role and the team work to create great virtual collaboration spaces for NetHope staff, its members, it partners and others to achieve NetHope's mission and facilitate members ambitions.
            

    
    

    
        Show less

    Title/Company: Head of Digital Workplace at Oxfam International in Oxford, United Kingdom from Month: 7,Year: 2019 to Month: 7 year: 2020 doing As the Head of Digital Workplace at Oxfam International, I am responsible for delivering a great digital employee experience for our 10000 globally dispersed staff so they can get their life saving and life changing work done.

Our staff, partners and volunteers work tirelessly towards our vision for a just world without poverty, and I deliver and manage the best of breed tools that help them do that better together every day.

Oxfam's integrated stack of best of breed technologies delivers collaboration that helps us bring efficiency in simplicity, global balance to our decision making, and knowledge sharing from our combined expertise world wide. This knowledge sharing and global balance culture are crucial to our mission of ending the injustice of poverty.

Day to day, with my Digital Workplace team,  I manage the governance, budget and stakeholder engagement for our digital workplace. I lead, encourage and govern our community and content managers and I engage with our business owners to define our collaboration road map for the future.
            

    
    

    
        Show less

    Title/Company: Digital Workplace Manager at Oxfam International in Oxford, United Kingdom from Month: 11,Year: 2016 to Month: 7 year: 2020 doing As the Digital Workplace Manager at Oxfam International, I am responsible for engaging our world wide staff with our collaboration tools. 

Our staff, partners and volunteers work tirelessly towards our vision for a just world without poverty, and I manage the tools that help them do that better together every day.

Oxfam has an integrated stack of best of breed technologies to deliver collaboration. This collaboration helps us bring efficiency in simplicity, global balance to our decision making, and knowledge from our combined expertise world wide.

Day to day, with our project delivery team,  I manage the governance, budget and stakeholder engagement for our digital workplace. I lead, encourage and govern our community and content managers and I engage with our business owners to define our collaboration road map for the future.

--------------------------------------
One person in three in the world lives in poverty. Oxfam is determined to change that world by mobilizing the power of people against poverty.

Around the globe, Oxfam works to find practical, innovative ways for people to lift themselves out of poverty and thrive. We save lives and help rebuild livelihoods when crisis strikes. And we campaign so that the voices of the poor influence the local and global decisions that affect them.

In all we do, Oxfam works with partner organizations and alongside vulnerable women and men to end the injustices that cause poverty.

            

    
    

    
        Show less

    Title/Company: Internal Communications Manager at Oxfam International in None from Month: 5,Year: 2014 to Month: 10 year: 2016 doing As the Internal Communications Manager at Oxfam International, I am responsible for engaging our internal staff with our vision for a just world without poverty.

I lead a network of internal communications professionals around the globe, set strategy for large internal events and provide support for our change processes.

I personally deliver monthly email communications to about 10 000 colleagues based on inspiring stories of our development work, updates on our global priorities in humanitarian emergency situations, and ways our people can be involved and contribute to our campaigns.

--------------------------------------
One person in three in the world lives in poverty. Oxfam is determined to change that world by mobilizing the power of people against poverty.

Around the globe, Oxfam works to find practical, innovative ways for people to lift themselves out of poverty and thrive. We save lives and help rebuild livelihoods when crisis strikes. And we campaign so that the voices of the poor influence the local and global decisions that affect them.

In all we do, Oxfam works with partner organizations and alongside vulnerable women and men to end the injustices that cause poverty.
            

    
    

    
        Show less

    Title/Company: Technical Officer at Oxfam International in Oxford, United Kingdom from Month: 4,Year: 2013 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing * Automated testing (Selenium)
* PHP
* Drupal
* User support

    Title/Company: Technical Assistant at Oxfam International in Oxford, United Kingdom from Month: 7,Year: 2010 to Month: 4 year: 2013 doing * Drupal
* PHP
* CSS
* User support

    Title/Company: CAD Operator at Safricad LTD in None from Month: 3,Year: 2004 to Month: 6 year: 2010 doing * Building Survey
* AutoCAD
* Topographical Survey
* Content Management Systems & Strategies
* Leading a CAD team and time-managing CAD projects (extensive experience)
* High level security projects

    Title/Company: Administrator at Ask Afrika in Brooklyn, Gauteng, South Africa from Month: 1,Year: 2001 to Month: 2 year: 2004 doing Analysis and coding of market research data and surveys. Creation of visual communications tools for interpretation of said data.

