Name: Donna Thach
Title: Manager, Market Research at Point32Health
Occupation: Manager, Market Research at Point32Health
Bio: I am a researcher with 10 years of experience leading quantitative, qualitative, B2B, and B2C research. I combine business and storytelling skills to transform data into clear and thoughtful presentations to stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Manager, Market Research at Point32Health in Canton, Massachusetts, United States from Month: 3,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Lead custom research to inform decision making for key strategic initiatives. Collaborate with multiple teams across marketing, product strategy, sales, and customer experience to turn business questions into research solutions. 

Leverage experience in both quantitative and qualitative research to develop recommendations based on objective, budget, and timeline. Lead all phases of the research from inception to delivery, using both internal and external resources.

Transform data from multiple sources into clear and thoughtful presentations that inform business decisions. Present insights and recommendations to colleagues at all levels of the organization.

    Title/Company: Director, Research, Data, and Analytics at ITSMA, a Momentum Group Company in Lexington, Massachusetts, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2022 to Month: 3 year: 2022 doing Conducted research on the latest trends and key issues that impact ITSMA's members, who are B2B marketers at top technology and professional services companies. Presented research findings and insights at ITSMA’s webcasts, briefings, and conferences.

Led a variety of quantitative and qualitative research studies for clients, such as Voice of the Customer (VoC), thought leadership, benchmarking, and buyer persona research. Built relationships with clients to understand their research objectives. Designed surveys and discussion guides to gather the right data. Conducted in-depth interviews with senior executives to gather feedback at the strategic level.

Combined business and analytical skills in R, SPSS, and data visualization to transform complex data into meaningful insights and business recommendations.

    Title/Company: Manager, Research, Data, and Analytics at ITSMA, a Momentum Group Company in Lexington, Massachusetts from Month: 2,Year: 2019 to Month: 12 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Research Manager at ITSMA, a Momentum Group Company in Lexington, Massachusetts, United States from Month: 3,Year: 2016 to Month: 1 year: 2019 doing None

    Title/Company: Research Analyst at ITSMA, a Momentum Group Company in None from Month: 10,Year: 2015 to Month: 2 year: 2016 doing None

    Title/Company: Founder at Black Turtle Apparel in Greater Boston Area from Month: 12,Year: 2014 to Month: 9 year: 2015 doing Created an online women’s clothing boutique by designing products and managing all aspects of digital marketing and sales.

    Title/Company: Client Relationship Manager/Market Research Analyst at National Quality Review in Boston, MA from Month: 11,Year: 2011 to Month: 11 year: 2014 doing Managed customer insight studies; designed surveys and conducted statistical analysis to identify areas that drive customer loyalty.

Built relationships with clients to understand their research objectives; delivered presentations to support clients’ business decisions.

Developed an interactive real-time dashboard which enabled account executives to proactively close the loop on client feedback.

    Title/Company: Research Consultant and Youth Project Director at QARI in Quincy, MA from Month: 6,Year: 2005 to Month: 10 year: 2011 doing Quincy Asian Resources, Inc. (QARI) is a nonprofit organization that serves the immigrant AAPI community. 

(2011) Conducted research and analytics to support the Board of Directors in developing a strategic plan.

(2007 - 2008) Initiated and led a project for immigrant AAPI students to develop civic and leadership skills. Wrote a grant proposal that successfully acquired funding for the year-long project.

(2005-2006) Managed a team of part-time staff, interns, and volunteers to deliver direct client services such as ESOL classes, translation, and youth mentoring to Quincy’s immigrant community.

    Title/Company: Development Associate at On The Rise in Cambridge, MA from Month: 6,Year: 2006 to Month: 8 year: 2008 doing On The Rise is a nonprofit organization that provides services to women who are homeless. 

Assisted with all aspects of fundraising, marketing, and communications, which included managing a volunteer program that engaged 200 people annually.

