Name: Ediomi Udoh
Title: Selected Speaker at World Leader Summit December 2022
Occupation: Founder/CEO at Swift Universe
Bio: Mr Ediomi Udoh is the CEO of Covany Technologies Ltd ( a tech company with the aim of providing simple life solutions via technology). 

A serial entrepreneur, I am passionate about helping young people like me to succeed. I help people start of their companies and project without pay. 

I am a Nigerian by birth. The Convener/Founder of Swift Entrepreneurs (an entrepreneurial organization for university students).

I am a certified member of the International Institute of Business Analysis, Canada and a member of the chapter of the organization in Nigeria. I am a business analyst, an IT consultant with clients across Nigeria. 

I have consulted for Professors, Medical Doctors and organizations such as The Nigeria society of Anaesthetists, Bloodless Medicine and Surgery Society, Intensive and Critical Society of Nigeria, Chartered Institute of Human Capital Development Nigeria, Medical Women Association, Calabar Chapter, and a host of other organizations and individuals.

I am out to make a change. To be a motivation to young people around me, to help them turn their ideas into products and projects that will be sustainable with benefits to humanity in the following areas; Renewable energy, agriculture, technology, education, transportation and healthcare. 

I am also interested in Blockchain Technology, NFTs, Defi and the overall use of Blockchain technology to promote transparency in government and protect intellectual properties.

 By using platforms such as LinkedIn to source for investors and partners. 

 I believe that in Nigeria, we have talents that can offer products that can solve international problems.

 JOIN ME!
Country: Nigeria

    Title/Company: Founder/Convener at Swift Entrepreneurs in None from Month: 6,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing HealthMate Academy is a FREE e-learning portal for health professionals. It can be used to organize webinars, CMEs, Diploma courses, and other certifications.

    Title/Company: Founder/CEO at Swift Universe in None from Month: 11,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Country Team Member at TechSoup in None from Month: 9,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Speaker at World Leader Summit in None from Month: 7,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing I will be speaking at the World Leader Summit on the topic; "Africa's Untapped Wealth in Blockchain Technology: The case of over $1billion lost every year in Nollywood to Intellectual Property theft"

    Title/Company: Founder at Covany Technologies in None from Month: 4,Year: 2015 to Month: 2 year: 2022 doing None

