Name: Gary Oppenheimer
Title: -------------------Making America Healthier------------------- Nonprofit Founder/ Keynote Speaker
Occupation: Founder / Executive Director of AmpleHarvest.org at AmpleHarvest.org
Bio: Gary Oppenheimer, World Food Prize nominee, Points of Light winner and CNN Hero and the founder/executive director of AmpleHarvest.org – a nationwide non-profit that has created a systemic change to greatly diminish #foodwaste and hunger.

In short, AmpleHarvest.org is educating and enabling America's 62 million home and community gardeners, people who end up growing enough excess food every year to feed 28 million hungry people, to be able to share it with one of nearly 9,000 food pantries (see www.AmpleHarvest.org/map) across all 50 states for the rest of their gardening life.

He also created a program (FaithFightsFoodWaste.org) to empower faith leaders of all faiths to learn about and then give faith specific sermons on the waste of food.  

The core idea is to reach and engage people where their passion already is.

As a nationally recognized keynote and plenary speaker, he particularly targets university audiences, helping students better understand how they can act on their passion to change the world.

He is a firm believer in the idea that to do the impossible, you must first believe it isn't.

He is also a Huff Post Game Changer, named "Best Person" by Yahoo! and ABC News, double TEDx and Google talk presenter, Purpose Prize Fellow, and more.

AmpleHarvest.org has been highlighted on the White House web site, Michelle Obama has both written and spoken about it, it’s been endorsed by the National Council of Churches, the National Gardening Association, the USDA and many others. 

Gary is also a long distance cyclist, hiker, farmer and dancer.

Specialties: 
•	Proficient at finding new solutions for old problems as well as finding old solutions for new problems.  
•	Embraced technology as an early adopter and therefore helped promote its use and spread.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Founder / Executive Director of AmpleHarvest.org at AmpleHarvest.org in Nationwide from Month: 3,Year: 2009 to Month:  year:  doing Food waste/innovation keynote speaker and founder/executive director of AmpleHarvest.org – a first of its kind nationwide food waste non-profit that uses information and technology to permanently solve waste. 

The result of our work is diminished hunger and malnutrition all 50 states, accomplished by enabling millions of growers to donate their excess produce for the first time, to a nearby food pantry.

Follow us at http://twitter.com/AmpleHarvest and Facebook.com/AmpleHarvest.org

    Title/Company: MCI Mail Sales Agent/Messaging Specialist at MCI Mail in Global from Month: 4,Year: 1985 to Month: 12 year: 2007 doing Operate the nation's largest MCI Mail sales agency.

Asked by MCI help market/sell MCI Mail after initial roll out effort faltered.  

Implemented many innovative marketing efforts including the PEN Newsletter- the first electronically distributed newsletter - 58 issues published. 

Became the global email "expert" for the internal MCI sales force.  Grew to become the nation’s largest sales agent until service shutdown in 2003,

    Title/Company: Marketing Manager at dataTNG in None from Month: 1,Year: 1998 to Month: 12 year: 2000 doing Co--owned Internet domain based routing service.

domainTNG - a service that enabled MCI Mail, AOL and Compuserve to receive inbound emails using personal (eg. non-AOL.COM) domains.

    Title/Company: Programmer - Consultant at Oppenheimer Software in None from Month: 1,Year: 1978 to Month: 1 year: 1985 doing Sold, programmed, and installed early PCs.

Authorized Columbia Computer Systems (early PC clone) reseller, and consultant/programmer.   Designed a marketing program for Columbia Computers, including a print advertising campaign.

Projects included POS system for Computer Factory in NYC, designed/wrote personal accounting software published and sold by PC Magazine, apartment heating management software for use in Manhattan apartment buildings based on NYC heating rules,  personal finance application for a private investor, early text editing/WP program, and a card counting calculator for a professional gambler.  

Operated his business from a houseboat on the Hudson River in Manhattan.

    Title/Company: Minority owner/Investor at Mediawire in None from Month: 1,Year: 1979 to Month: 1 year: 1981 doing PR Newswire service based in Philadelphia, PA.  Eventually sold to a large British media holding organization

    Title/Company: Consultant at Fits Systems in None from Month: 1,Year: 1976 to Month: 1 year: 1977 doing Consulted at Manufacturers Hanover Bank on IBM mini computers.

    Title/Company: Lead Programmer Analyst/ "mini computer guru" at First National City Bank/Citicorp in None from Month: 1,Year: 1975 to Month: 1 year: 1976 doing Lead programmer/analyst for the banks PDP 11 computer systems.  

Designed/programmed first of its kind system linking check encoding machines to the banks DDA (checking account) systems and new data management (ISAM) subroutines using new virtual memory techniques.
 
Designed (on his own time) a prototype/demonstration "email" system.  Application supported the exchange of messages between 10 users using streaming, variable sized linked packet switching (similar to SMTP today) for large and small messages.  Supported full recovery in event of program crash.  Application was demonstrated to VP level management, who had no interest, stating "what makes you think we will put terminals on everyone's desk"?  Further development stopped shortly thereafter.

    Title/Company: Electronic Faxing Specialist at Verizon Business in None from Month: 1,Year: 1988 to Month: 12 year: 2007 doing Sold MCI/Verizon Business outsourced faxing services.

In 2000-2001, helped to design and roll out MCI ImagePort (aka Document Delivery) fax service.

Worked with organizations of all sizes who sought to move their fax communications from fax machines/servers to outsourced services.

    Title/Company: Instructor at Baruch College in None from Month: 1,Year: 1980 to Month: 1 year: 1980 doing Taught introductory computer programming.

    Title/Company: PDP 11 mini computer programmer at The Chase Manhattan Bank in None from Month: 1,Year: 1974 to Month: 1 year: 1975 doing Programmed and managed operations of newly installed mini computer system.

Specialized in RSTS/E and RTS operating systems.  Programmed in Basic Plus.  Contributor to DECUS (DEC user group) magazine.

Lead programmer on the Fed Funds application providing daily bank deposits information to the Federal Reserve Bank.  Responsible for system design, all programming, and documentation. 

Also (on my own time) designed and programmed a debugging tool called "Trace" (copyright 1975) - the first to take an existing program and rewrite it to build in debugging/tracing capabilities.  Program purchased by the US Airforce for in-house use.

