Name: Indy Rishi Singh
Title: Host (Political Hope) + Systems Innovation + Regenerative Economics + Soulutionary Soilutions
Occupation: Co-Founder at DemocraSEE
Bio: host of "Political Hope" podcast (on most podcast service providers)
https://linktr.ee/mysticscience

www.democrasee.club (1st prototype)
www.cosmiclabyrinth.world (education experience platform ~ in dev)

studied the art+science of laughter with Dr. Alex Eingorn
studied Wise Democracy with Tom Atlee
studied Ayurveda with Dr. Bhaswati Bhattacharya and Vedika Global
studied Storytelling with Robert McKee
studied Biology at UC Davis and attended St. George's Medical School
studied Hypnotherapy with Mary Elizabeth Raines
studied Cymatics with Fabian Rodriguez
studied acting with Nancy Berwid
studied Nonviolent Communication with Lin Lin Hu
created curriculum (academic, social emotional, homeschool) for various education companies
created creative monastery in the heart of Manhattan (3 years)
created Neuroplasticity Playshops for organizations and communities


https://nola.chat/postpandemic
*** If you'd like to share resiliency building playshops with your organization or community, reach out and inquire. We will also share our beta test of the app NOLA with you if we support your happiness and healthines

https://democrasee.club/
DemocraSEE is platform that incentivizes Civic engagement. It is also a resource and virtual advocate for local government participation and activity. This is a gamified civic experience.
     DemocraSEE is democracy 2.0 

COSMIC LABYRINTH ( www.CosmicLabyrinth.world )
The Cosmic LAByrinth is a Mr. Roger's cooperative 
+ games (virtual, board, zoom, meta)
+ social emotional learning
+ family activities (like Family Film and Panel)

https://nola.chat/
a sophisticated Ai that filters expert advise through an algorithm developed to improve health and mindfulness of individuals and organizations. We are dedicated to serving the marginalized communities in our country to mitigate the public health issues at hand.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Board Member at Cultivating Self in San Francisco Bay Area from Month: 7,Year: 2018 to Month:  year:  doing A non-profit 501c3 org committed to supporting the mental, physical, and emotional health of our helping (caregiver) professionals ... Nurses, social workers, therapists, PT's, etc
www.CultivatingSelf.org

    Title/Company: Co-Founder at DemocraSEE in None from Month: 10,Year: 2020 to Month:  year:  doing DemocraSEE is a democratic tool to usher about a democracy 2.0
- education/heuristics for community on how democracy can work for them
- RALLYs (virtual) that encourage inclusion of experts, city officials, community members, etc
- Citizens rewarded for creating policies
- Citizen Coin (blockchain) infrastructure to support and encourage community engagement (gaming philosophy)

    Title/Company: Head of Wellness Innovations at Nola Chat in Los Angeles Metropolitan Area from Month: 8,Year: 2018 to Month:  year:  doing Nola is the "Siri for your wellbeing," with daily plans compiled from multiple happiness and health specialists. 

HOW DO I CHOOSE "HAPPY" BEHAVIORS? 

With help from dozens of specialists in all areas of emotional and physical well-being, we've compiled daily plans for "happy" behaviors across four categories of holistic health. 

Nola (an AI) learns your needs and lifestyle and pull from these four categories to make a daily plan. That way, you know what actions will help you have the most fulfilling day.

    Title/Company: Wellbeing Engineer at wellbeing think tank in Everywhere from Month: 9,Year: 2015 to Month: 1 year: 2020 doing welcome to the first wellbeing think tank in the world - bringing together modern & ancient technologies and experience

we curate events and Retreat that push the limits of the mind body and spirit connection

we innovate by marrying different fields of expertise such as technology programming building design engineering sociology Healthcare virtual reality and augmented reality artificial intelligence

we create and promote stories that Inspire well-being. These include interactive graphic novels, comedy, games, screenplays, fiction and nonfiction, articles, poetry, and virtual reality experiences

    Title/Company: Community Manager at Share-A-Meal in Greater Los Angeles Area from Month: 5,Year: 2015 to Month: 1 year: 2018 doing facilitated social media growth and Community involvement. 

Organized groups and connections for organic growth.

consulted on website development marketing and Outreach. 

prepared and served healthy vegan burritos through a community service food truck


www.shareameal.net

    Title/Company: Creative Director at Models Doing More, 501(c)(3) in NYC--->Global from Month: 1,Year: 2013 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing Models Doing More (MDM) is a non-profit organization dedicated to placing ‘Model Ambassadors’ in the field and at the center of third world countries. It is also a digital initiative to collaborate with other nonprofits and promote transparency for donors and volunteers. 

MDM follows the lives of ‘Model Ambassadors’ who are giving back to the international community. Models Doing More is dedicated to providing education, assistance, and sustainability to our most vulnerable global neighbors. MDM actively PARTNERS with grassroots organizations to develop long-term educational, medical, and emotional support for disadvantaged children and animals.

    Title/Company: Transmedia Director at LaRishi in NYC and beyond from Month: 2,Year: 2012 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing Transmedia: a narrative that extends beyond multiple media forms that also plays to the strength those forms; it may or may not be interactive...

I work with small businesses, private practices, product marketing, innovative advertising campaigns and more.

https://youtu.be/uM7bbSKeYfY

    Title/Company: Creative Director at Studio 2012/Studio 39 in Manhattan, NYC and Princeton, NJ from Month: 8,Year: 2009 to Month: 10 year: 2012 doing •	Wrote screenplays, scripts, proposals and storyboards for projects; advertisements, documentary, film 
•	Produced films, television shows, online media, events, music videos and commercials Casted, recruited talent: artists, musicians, actors, filmmakers, engineers, creatives 
•	Edited (visual and audio) for various projects), Assistant Director on sets, work with Canon 5D/7D, steadicam 
•	Conducted weekly laughter yoga/Ayurvedic(health)/Meditation classes

    Title/Company: Homeschool - 7 year old (3rd grade), 11 year old (6th grade) at Self Employed - Homeschooling in NYC, Sarasota, FL and New Delhi, India from Month: 11,Year: 2010 to Month: 8 year: 2011 doing •	Provided a unique, holistic learning experience - Began days with yoga/meditation - implemented Socratic Method
•	Used film/TV/video games to engage children, write their own (some available to watch online) 
•	Organized & facilitated field trips to museums, farmerås markets, parks (to do lessons outdoors) 
•	Covered history, math, science, geography, english, art, current events, horticulture, community service

    Title/Company: Lead Instructor at iD Tech Camps in New York, New York from Month: 4,Year: 2015 to Month: 5 year: 2016 doing trained and Lead workshops for design and production using Final Cut After Effects Photoshop and more on the NYU campus

