Name: Jacek Siadkowski
Title: CEO @ Tech To The Rescue | #TechForGood advocate
Occupation: Co-founder & CEO at Tech To The Rescue
Bio: I build an ecosystem where #techforgood is an industry standard. Interested? Let's talk.

I am a Social Entrepreneur. In my work, I apply new technologies and innovative business models to transform, enhance efficiency, and improve the social impact of valuable initiatives to affect reality positively.

As CEO and co-founder of the Tech To The Rescue foundation, I'm focusing on building and scaling the community of changemakers from tech and social sectors ready to implement digital solutions to boost up nonprofits' activities. At TTTR we match nonprofits and Tech Companies to solve the world's problems.

I am keenly interested in social entrepreneurship, business models supporting social change, and exploring new technologies to create a positive impact. I would be happy to participate in any activities aimed at creating new opportunities and raising the quality bar in these areas.
Country: Poland

    Title/Company: Co-founder & CEO at Tech To The Rescue in None from Month: 7,Year: 2020 to Month:  year:  doing Tech To The Rescue is a community of changemakers from tech and social sectors ready to implement digital solutions to scale up NGOs activities. 

Since its inception in March 2020, we gathered over 200 tech companies ready to support NGOs solutions to world’s most burning problems on low-bono or pro-bono basis. Together, we delivered over 25 projects for NGOs from 10+ countries, helping them adress problems of natural environment, reducing poor, animal suffering, increasing health care quality and many others.

Our strategic goal is to introduce helping NGOs as a standard IT industry practice and create as many good as possible on the way.

    Title/Company: Co-Founder, CEO, Gamification Designer at Gerere Fun For Good in None from Month: 12,Year: 2012 to Month: 12 year: 2021 doing Leading innovative social enterprise in the b2b formula, that helps organizations significantly enhance the effectiveness of running social programs thanks to the use of modern motivational techniques, gamification and internet.

In my work I specially focus on:
searching for effective methods of finding needs, designing value propositions, rapid prototyping and quick verification of value hypothesis for selected projects,
searching for and building effective methods of engaging people across psychology of motivation, user experience, game design and process analysis,
creating long-term partnerships with customers and suppliers,
building awareness of the benefits of broad usage of gamification in social projects,
constant search for business models that allow us to maximize the positive social impact,
building a great team on a culture of continuous experimentation and improvement, which would be able to provide top-class solutions. 

Currently focusing on supporting our best clients in maximizing impact of exiting projects.

    Title/Company: Head of Sektor 3.0 Fund Incubation Program at Sektor 3.0 in Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland from Month: 11,Year: 2017 to Month: 7 year: 2021 doing Sector 3.0 Fund is a program supporting the creation of new tools, applications, and products that are part of the "Tech for good" concept. It offers two types of support for aspiring Entrepreneurs. The first in the form of comprehensive incubation program to help refine the idea and create a coherent concept. At the second stage, selected makers can obtain financing in the total amount of PLN 100,000.

Using the experience gained at Gerere, I created an incubation program that became the central value of the program. Every year, I invite experts and mentors, run workshops and support 10 teams in the process of building products that meet the needs of the market and deliver social impact.

    Title/Company: Co-founder, CEO at Goodivision in Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland from Month: 7,Year: 2016 to Month: 10 year: 2017 doing In-house startup - SaaS platform, that helps in engaging employees in non-profit activities. We successfully built product fit, answering to biggest users' problems, but unable to find product-market fit we decide to close.

    Title/Company: Country Director, Executive for Polish Chapter at Kairos in Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland from Month: 8,Year: 2016 to Month: 9 year: 2017 doing Kairos Society is the global community of next-generation leaders focused on problems worth solving. With chapters in over 50 countries and 100 universities, it is able to connect, support and help top Entrepreneurs under 26 years old to build high-impact companies.

I was responsible for building and maintaining Polish Chapter. Together we were able to gather top 40 entrepreneurial talents in Warsaw and support each other in the lonely path of being a leader. 

    Title/Company: Co-Founder, CEO at Tłocznia in Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland from Month: 5,Year: 2010 to Month: 9 year: 2011 doing Co-founder and leader of the fastest growing youth organization in Poland, which aim was to empower youths in Warsaw to act, run their own projects and create culture of engagement by opening first in Poland center of youth activity.

I was responsible for vision, engaging talented people, building and managing a team, building partnerships and ongoing coordination of the work of the team.

For 2 years we engaged more than 150 young people, organized several local interventions in Warsaw, coordinated voluntary corps of Warsaw in its efforts for the title of European Capital of Culture, organized a festival of youth in the Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw, and opened a prototype version of the center of youth activity for a week.

After 2 years, due to difficulties in the succession, project failed to meet its goals and has been closed. Despite many successes along the way, we did not manage to open a sustainable, independent youth center, which would unite young, active people for years.

