Name: Jessie E.
Title: VP, Social Good @ Dataminr, Exec Sponsor of Womxn@ ERG
Occupation: VP, Social Good and Nonprofit Partnerships at Dataminr
Bio: Mission-driven intrapreneur with extensive experience in technology and social impact. Currently leading social good efforts at Dataminr, a 2019 Forbes AI 50 helping NGOs make the world safer through real-time event and emerging risk detection. 

Proud ex-Googler, Duolingo fledgling and Returned Peace Corps Volunteer. Strengths in consultative sales, business development, digital strategy and storytelling, hiring and coaching teams, building cultures and systems, and launching social-impact-focused products and programs. 

Interests in sustainable development, future of work/edu, DEI & B, and human-centered technology and design. 

Hablo español. Falo português.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: VP, Social Good and Nonprofit Partnerships at Dataminr in New York, New York, United States from Month: 6,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Sabbatical at Sabbatical in None from Month: 1,Year: 2019 to Month: 12 year: 2021 doing Consulted with startups in edtech, ethical e-commerce, workforce development, and DE&I. Projects included product & monetization strategy, concept testing, and storytelling for fundraising success.

As Chief Revenue and Culture Officer In-residence at Girls Auto Clinic, I implemented people and culture best practices, led revenue operations as well as OKR setting and reviews, and researched and brought new products/services to market. Girls Auto Clinic is the world's first automotive repair and education brand catered to womxn.

Edited and illustrated book of haiku; worked on a novel that's part family memoir, part magical realism (think Lincoln in the Bardo meets The Humans); and began a YA novel inspired by my time in Nicaragua. Otherwise, volunteered and made time for the things a rewarding career had somewhat delayed. Thanks to the business leaders, mentors, colleagues and friends who supported me in taking this time.

    Title/Company: Director, Partnerships and Sales at Duolingo in Greater New York City Area from Month: 1,Year: 2017 to Month: 12 year: 2019 doing Launched world's first "teach your brand" engagement ad products, collaborating with UX and Eng leads. Hired and led sales team. Negotiated agreements with clients, partners, audience insights providers and other vendors. Established L&D sales trainings, variable compensation models and forecasting systems. Key contributor on Duolingo’s Something Like Home campaign. Explored partnership opportunities with global travel, entertainment, sports and nonprofit brands, including UNHCR and UNICEF. 

    Title/Company: Intrapreneur / Area 120 Candidate at Google in None from Month: 5,Year: 2016 to Month: 5 year: 2017 doing Co-founder of KidQuest, a gaming app designed to transform kid tech from "babysitter" to bonding agent for parent and child. Content aimed at nurturing curiosity, creativity and empathy among children ages 3-10, the next billion users. KidQuest was one of 50 of 900+ applicants selected to pitch the VPs and Principals of Area 120, Google's internal incubator.

    Title/Company: Head of Industry, Nonprofits  at Google in None from Month: 12,Year: 2011 to Month: 12 year: 2016 doing Launched Google's first consultative sales team dedicated to the nonprofit sector. Hired and coached a team of seven world-class sales, marketing and analytics professionals, growing business 230% and averaging 104% to quota across five years. Led quota-setting and annual and quarterly OKR setting and reviews. Drove customer relationships with key executives. Developed and executed ambitious growth strategy, including designing and packaging original industry research, creating industry advisory board, launching new products (e.g. YouTube donate button), marketing and PR. Co-founded ZOO for Good, an innovative program bringing Google's top creatives and leading edge technologies to bear on some of the world's most pressing problems.

    Title/Company: Global Rotation, Brand Unit (formerly "The ZOO") at Google in São Paulo, Brazil from Month: 3,Year: 2016 to Month: 6 year: 2016 doing Creative business partner for global and Brazilian brands, including working on campaigns for the 2016 Olympic Games. Created vetting framework and client charter for Google LatAm to help sales teams better prioritize and strengthen creative partnerships. 

    Title/Company: MBA Venture Fellow at Social Venture Circle in None from Month: 7,Year: 2010 to Month: 8 year: 2010 doing Reviewed applications for the 2010 Social Venture Fair pitch competition, evaluating leadership teams, business models, and market opportunities of 15 startups.

    Title/Company: Youth Programs Manager  at Volunteer San Diego in None from Month: 1,Year: 2006 to Month: 12 year: 2008 doing Created and executed plan for Youth Division’s fee-based consulting practice, growing contract revenue by 50%. Developed service-learning curriculum--covering topics like race & social justice, environmental conservation and civic engagement--in partnership with the San Diego Unified School District and trained hundreds of instructors in its use. Managed Stories of Service youth filmmaker and Independent Lens community cinema programs, establishing partnerships with local businesses, nonprofits and cultural institutions.

    Title/Company: Environmental Education Volunteer at United States Peace Corps in None from Month: 8,Year: 2003 to Month: 12 year: 2005 doing - Organized and led local committee to build, operate and fundraise for town's first library.
- Co-created national teacher training program on participatory education techniques.
- Taught hands-on environmental education classes to over 300 primary school students.
- Served on board responsible for evaluating proposals and allocating $120K in USAID grants.

    Title/Company: Research Assistant at Vera Institute of Justice in New York City Metropolitan Area from Month: 1,Year: 2002 to Month: 12 year: 2002 doing None

