Name: Jordan Berger
Title: 9x Salesforce Certified | Nonprofit and Foundation Digital Transformation 
Occupation: Nonprofit and Foundation Practice Lead at Fíonta
Bio: None
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Nonprofit and Foundation Practice Lead at Fíonta in United States from Month: 5,Year: 2019 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Senior Consultant II at Acumen Solutions in Mclean, Virginia from Month: 5,Year: 2016 to Month: 5 year: 2019 doing Gather requirements, business process analysis and capture of features and functionality for a portfolio of large-scale applications.
Manage complex multi-disciplined consulting projects.
Lead junior consultants and client staff through engagements, support the development of subject matter expertise, thought leadership and strategic capability by delivering a wide range of solutions.
Perform end-to-end cross-discipline leadership throughout the software development lifecycle.
Work with customers and client stakeholders to understand and define business requirements.
Work directly with technologists to develop use cases and functional specification documents.

    Title/Company: Senior Consultant at ACF Solutions in Reston, Virginia from Month: 7,Year: 2015 to Month: 5 year: 2016 doing Senior Consultant at ACF Solutions, a consulting firm focused on the implementation and custom enhancement of Salesforce.com for nonprofit organizations and higher education institutions. 

As a Senior Consultant, I am involved in the technical design, implementation approach, and quality assurance for our non-profit Salesforce delivery projects.

Certifications include:
Certified Salesforce.com Administrator.

    Title/Company: U.S. Office Manager at Palestinian American Research Center (PARC) in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 11,Year: 2012 to Month: 5 year: 2013 doing Identified funding prospects
Authored proposals for funding
Authored reports for grant-makers 
Maintained donor database
Oversaw and developed social media content
Oversaw and developed website content
Provided backstop administrative functions for key program areas
Tracked expenses and created budgets
Prepared reports for executive leadership

    Title/Company: Senior Associate, Digital Infrastructure at United Nations Foundation in Washington, DC from Month: 5,Year: 2013 to Month: 7 year: 2015 doing Oversaw the administration of a customized Salesforce.com solution with over 200+ users. 
Continued to develop and oversee the iterative advancement and customization of the solution.
Led relationships with United Nations partners and other non-profit partners
Led the due diligence/partner vetting process for the Foundation.

    Title/Company: Program Assistant at American Near East Refugee Aid in Washington D.C. Metro Area from Month: 8,Year: 2011 to Month: 11 year: 2012 doing Authored proposals for funding for individuals, corporations, foundations and government grant-making agencies
Researched avenues for new business development both domestically and abroad
Assisted in the management of donor database
Tracked expenses for development staff 
Developed and formatted content for direct mail and email appeals
Authored Past Performance Reviews of USAID contracts

