Name: Karina Rios Michel
Title: Chief Creative & Technology Officer @ Girl Effect
Occupation: Chief Creative & Technology Officer at Girl Effect
Bio: I serve as the Chief Creative & Technology Officer at Girl Effect, a global organization dedicated to harnessing the power of digital media and technology to empower adolescent girls in Africa and South Asia. With over 15 years of expertise in design, innovation, and product development, I lead a diverse and cross-functional team focused on creating beloved brands and media products for girls. Our portfolio includes AI-powered chatbots, YouTube talk shows, IVR games, and Radio dramas.

My overarching mission is to bridge the gap for teenage girls by providing them with the information, inspiration, and connections necessary to expand girl's choices and broaden their opportunities. In my previous role as the Director of Product Design and Development, I spearheaded the creation of Girl Effect's groundbreaking AI-powered chatbot, Big Sis. This platform offers girls trusted and non-judgmental advice on sexual and reproductive and mental health topics. Notably, Big Sis has been recognized as a finalist in the Fast Company 2022 World Changing Idea Award, was shortlisted for the 2022 GLOMO Award in the category of Best Mobile Innovation for Emerging Markets, and awarded a Shorty Award in 2023.

Additionally, I contributed to Girl Effect's White Paper on social behavior change, titled 'Understanding Girls, Expanding Choices.' My passion lies in crafting and sharing stories that deeply resonate with girls, supporting them in achieving their goals and aspirations.
Country: United Kingdom

    Title/Company: Chief Creative & Technology Officer at Girl Effect in London, England, United Kingdom from Month: 6,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Head of Create at Girl Effect in London, England, United Kingdom from Month: 11,Year: 2020 to Month: 6 year: 2023 doing As Head of Create, I am responsible for leading a global team that brings together a diverse range of expertise, including scriptwriting, gender, health, digital safeguarding, design and creative technology. 

As the Global Head of Girl Effect’s Create department, I work to foster collaboration across disciplines and countries to create brands and media products girls love. As a senior leader and member of the Executive Team of Girl Effect I also contribute to the buisness operations, process improvement and strategy of the organization.

    Title/Company: Director of Product Design & Development at Girl Effect in None from Month: 2,Year: 2019 to Month: 11 year: 2020 doing Established by the Nike Foundation, Girl Effect works to break the cycle of intergenerational poverty by connecting girls to each other and to the critical things they need. As Director of Product Design and Development, I am responsible for setting a global product strategy and leading a cross functional team in developing digital media products and services to connect girls to the information, inspiration, and connections they are seeking. 

In August of 2019, I contributed to Girl Effect’s White Paper on social behavior change "Understanding Girls, Expanding Choices."

In 2020, Big Sis, a WhatsApp chat bot designed to provide girls basic information on sexual health, was recognized by UNICEF as example of best practices in creating safe conversational experiences. 

In 2021 Big Sis was proven to significantly shift girls knowledge on STIs, contraceptive choices, HIV and positively shift attitudes towards uptake of health services


    Title/Company: Senior Creative Manager at Pratibha Syntex Ltd. in Dhar Area, India from Month: 2,Year: 2009 to Month: 2 year: 2013 doing Over the course of four years working and living inside a large-scale garment factory compound in rural India, I built an in-house sustainable design studio that took garment factory waste and transformed it into up-cycled garment collections sold to large-scale retailers around the world. 

In 2012, I produced and directed a documentary film called, "Chalo, Let's Go" that revealed fashion behind the label. I was shortlisted for a Buckminster Fuller Award for my film in 2012 and shortly there after my work was published on the front cover of Fashion and Sustainability Design for Change, by Lynda Grose and Kate Fletcher.

