Name: Lily Gleicher
Title: Senior Supervisory Research Scientist at The Bail Project
Occupation: Senior Supervisory Research Scientist at The Bail Project
Bio: None
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Senior Supervisory Research Scientist at The Bail Project in United States from Month: 2,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Skills: Research Management · Qualitative & Quantitative Research Methodologies · Mixed Methods Research · Project Management · Policy Analysis · Data Analysis · Program Implementation · Salesforce Lightning · Salesforce Reporting · Python (Programming Language) · Research · Criminal Justice · Writing · Project Implementation · Courts · Criminal Law · PowerPoint · SQL

    Title/Company: Senior Research Scientist at The Bail Project in None from Month: 2,Year: 2022 to Month: 2 year: 2023 doing Skills: Research Projects · Qualitative & Quantitative Research Methodologies · Mixed Methods Research · Project Management · Policy Analysis · Data Analysis · Salesforce Reporting · Python (Programming Language) · Research · Criminal Justice · Writing · Project Implementation · Courts · Criminal Law · PowerPoint · SQL

    Title/Company: Part-Time Faculty at DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois, United States · On-site from Month: 3,Year: 2020 to Month: 8 year: 2023 doing Teach on an ad-hoc basis.

Taught/Teaching Undergraduate Research Methods, Introduction to the Criminal Legal System, Criminology Goes to the Movies


    Title/Company: Adjunct Professor at The Chicago School of Professional Psychology in Chicago, Illinois, United States · On-site from Month: 12,Year: 2021 to Month: 12 year: 2022 doing Teach on an ad-hoc basis.

Taught a graduate Research Methods class for Spring 2022 semester for forensic psychology students.

    Title/Company: Research Scholar at Robina Institute in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2021 to Month: 12 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Criminal Justice Research Analyst at Illinois Criminal Justice Information Authority in Chicago from Month: 7,Year: 2016 to Month: 1 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Lake County Drug Court & Mental Health Court Intern & Volunteer at Lake County Adult Probation Services in Waukegan, IL from Month: 5,Year: 2009 to Month: 8 year: 2009 doing Formerly known as TIM court (therapeutic intensive monitoring), I engaged in day-to-day practices of supervising and working with individuals in Drug Court and Mental Health Court. After my internship, I would occasionally go back to volunteer. This internship was one of the reasons I decided to go to graduate school for Criminal Justice. 

    Title/Company: Research Consultant at Live4Lali, Inc. in Arlington Heights, Illinois, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2017 to Month: 1 year: 2021 doing Assisted this non-profit with grant writing, but more specifically, built a client management database to help the organization better understand to whom they are providing services and how they can improve service, service delivery, and outreach to those they help.

I currently volunteer to help with their data questions.

    Title/Company: EPICS Project Graduate Assistant at University of Cincinnati Corrections Institute in Cincinnati, OH from Month: 11,Year: 2013 to Month: 7 year: 2016 doing Conducted & certified Train-the-Trainers on the EPICS model for several states and jurisdictions.
Worked with probation, parole, and correctional agencies on implementing EPICS training & coaching for sustained use.
Developed curriculum and supportive materials for EPICS-I (Influencers), EPICS for adults, & EPICS for youth

    Title/Company: EPICS Coder and Coach at University of Cincinnati Corrections Institute in University of Cincinnati from Month: 9,Year: 2011 to Month: 11 year: 2013 doing Skills: Mixed Methods Research · Project Management · Criminal Justice · Public Speaking · Writing · Project Implementation · PowerPoint

    Title/Company: Graduate Teaching Assistant/Adjunct at College of Education, Criminal Justice, and Human Services at the University of Cincinnati in School of Criminal Justice from Month: 8,Year: 2013 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing I was responsible for teaching a 2:2 undergraduate class course load for the 2013-2014 school year. Classes taught: 1 section of Introduction to Criminal Justice and 3 sections of Policing in America.

    Title/Company: Distance Learning Facilitator (Online Masters Program Facilitator) at College of Education, Criminal Justice, and Human Services at the University of Cincinnati in School of Criminal Justice from Month: 8,Year: 2012 to Month: 7 year: 2013 doing Facilitated Master's level online classes with University of Cincinnati professors. Responsibilities: grading, responding to student questions and issues, and monitoring discussion boards.

    Title/Company: Hartford Probation Intern at Connecticut Judicial Branch in None from Month: 1,Year: 2011 to Month: 5 year: 2011 doing Worked primarily with a Sex Offender Probation Officer in writing case notes, warrants, and conducting home and office visits. 

