Name: Malur Narayan
Title: Tech Leader I AI/ML, 5G, Quantum, Cloud I Keynote Speaker l Board Member I Proponent of AI & Tech for good —Social Impact, Sustainability & Mental Health I People Connector I Eternal Optimist I Forever Student!
Occupation: Vice-President, Technology, Emerging Tech & Sustainability at Tata Consultancy Services
Bio: With over three decades of experience in the technology sector, I am a versatile leader who combines knowledge of AI/ML, 5G, mobile networks, and IT services with strategic vision and strong customer focus to solve business problems. I have a passion for using technology for social impact, especially in the areas of equity, mental health, and sustainability.

As the VP of Sustainability and Emerging Tech at TCS, I lead the market development and delivery of innovative solutions for the broader North American market, working with a wide range of industries as well as VC and PE-backed growth firms. 

Throughout my career, I have held a wide variety of senior roles in global business development, product development, engineering, product management, sales leadership, partnerships, and alliances at TCS, Nortel, Bell, and Tata Group, and have also successfully launched and scaled new products and services across the globe. 

I bring a unique blend of strategic leadership, cutting-edge innovation, and a deep commitment to social and environmental responsibility in the technology sector. My career spans a diverse range of roles (from product engineering to sales and business development) within the telecom, wireless networking, semiconductors, and IT industries, each contributing to my comprehensive understanding of the technological landscape. 

Top 5 Attributes:

Strategic Leadership
Innovative problem solving
Cultivating global-winning teams
Extensive CXO-level trusted relationships
Entrepreneurial drive

I have also contributed to the advancement of technology research in ML, reverse engineering, software management, and AI for good by publishing papers, delivering guest lectures, and mentoring students and professionals.

I serve on the boards of two companies and two non-profits, while also being an advisor to a few startups that are developing AI-based technology for global impact.

In a world where technology shapes our future, I am committed to leading with empathy and innovation, championing sustainable solutions, and creating a positive impact in both business and society.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Member Board Of Directors at 1 Play Sports Pte Ltd in None from Month: 5,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Board governance, technology strategy, audit committee 

    Title/Company: Technology Advisor at Cache AI in None from Month: 11,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Helping to build the AI-based algorithms and technology for leveling the playing field for athletes. 

    Title/Company: Founding Member at Executive Council Network (ECN) in None from Month: 1,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Technology Advisor at Latimer in Austin, Texas, United States from Month: 9,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Leading the technology vision and strategy to build a diverse all inclusive AI LLM trained on diverse data and a RAG model. 
Collaborating with leading AI researchers to develop a AI bias detection and mitigation platform. 

    Title/Company: Advisory Board Member at Kaboo - Family Communications in Austin, Texas, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2023 to Month:  year:  doing Technology strategy and business mentorship 

    Title/Company: Co-Founder and Board Director at Strides AI in Austin, Texas Area from Month: 7,Year: 2019 to Month:  year:  doing On a mission to power more diversity in leadership by building an AI based platform for connecting diverse leaders 

    Title/Company: Vice-President, Technology, Emerging Tech & Sustainability at Tata Consultancy Services in Austin, Texas, United States from Month: 5,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Building and Leading AI based Technology, Emerging tech and Sustainability solutions.
Solving complex business problems with a combination of AI, Mobility, Cloud, and IOT solutions 


    Title/Company: Vice President, Technology at Tata Consultancy Services in Austin, Texas Area from Month: 8,Year: 2015 to Month: 4 year: 2022 doing Technology is changing every aspect of business today -  business models, paradigms, and the way products and solutions are developed and marketed. With the advent of AI, Cloud, Analytics, Mobile and IOT, technology businesses in the field of Semi-conductors, Networking technology and Devices are in the forefront of creating this new world. The Technology Business Unit at TCS aims to help these businesses achieve their goals by providing smart, intelligent, automated and cost-effective solutions and services that create a competitive advantage and drive significant upstream value.

My role is to drive tech solutions and key customer engagements in this space by leveraging my experience in AI, Telecom, IT and Mobility to help TCS strengthen its leadership position while enabling clients achieve to their goals.

    Title/Company: Vice-President, Tata Group Business at Tata Consultancy Services in Mumbai Area, India from Month: 5,Year: 2012 to Month: 7 year: 2015 doing The Tata Group is a diversified global conglomerate known for its social responsibility and long list of philanthropic activities. With revenues topping $100 Billion, the group consists of over 100+ companies operating in seven major industries and 80 countries.

TCS is a part of the Tata group and a global leader in Information Technology services.

This senior leadership role, reporting to the CEO of TCS, is to bring the entire breadth of TCS's technology and business experience to build thought leadership, develop innovative solutions and drive business benefits for the Tata group companies.

    Title/Company: Vice-President, Global Business Development at Tata Consultancy Services in None from Month: 12,Year: 2009 to Month: 4 year: 2012 doing Responsible for creating and growing business with top strategic global customers and driving significant new business opportunities in Telecom and Networking space.

    Title/Company: Member Board Of Directors at The Dara Ashley Foundation in None from Month: 6,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing The foundation's mission is to create a lasting impact with new opportunities for minority college students by providing scholarships, one-on-one mentorship connections, and leadership sessions that help to cultivate the next generation of diverse leaders.

Co-Chair, Fundraising
Recruit and lead event committee members who will be responsible for executing events.
Work with other members of the board to work  towards the mission and vision of organization.
Responsible for overseeing the planning and organizing of fundraising activities. 

Facilitate developing and implementing short-term and long-term strategic planning.

    Title/Company: CXO Advisory Board at GTM Capital in None from Month: 5,Year: 2022 to Month: 12 year: 2023 doing Member of GTM Capital's CxO Advisory Board: a select group of IT Execs focused on helping to evaluate market fit for new and existing SaaS based startups

    Title/Company: Technology Advisor at StoryBolt in None from Month: 11,Year: 2021 to Month: 4 year: 2022 doing Helping the Storybolt team with technology strategy and key platform decisions.

    Title/Company: Board Member at FitbBiz 360 in Austin, Texas Area from Month: 4,Year: 2015 to Month: 12 year: 2020 doing FitBiz 360 aims to bring strategic management business consulting to benefit small and medium enterprises in targeted industries using a AI-based SAAS model!

    Title/Company: CEO & Co-founder at Convergence Technologies Canada in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from Month: 6,Year: 1998 to Month: 6 year: 1999 doing Single point for providing consolidated  telecom, mobile and other utility services.to small and medium enterprises. 

    Title/Company: Strategic Advisor at webware.io (formerly Powerstores) in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 4,Year: 2012 to Month: 6 year: 2020 doing Serving as an advisor for this eCommerce technology startup, coaching them on strategy and global business development

    Title/Company: Global Alliances - Asia at Nortel Networks in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India from Month: 1,Year: 2009 to Month: 12 year: 2009 doing Developed and managed new partner relationships in Asia.

    Title/Company: VP/GM, Carrier Market Development, Asia at Nortel Networks in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India from Month: 3,Year: 2008 to Month: 1 year: 2009 doing Responsible for developing the Carrier Strategy and Market Development in Asia. Intially focused on India Wireless opportunities to drive significant new business and increase market relevance & business with the Top carrier customers in Asia. Drove market awareness and new business model/go-to-market strategies to win new business with Tier 1 accounts across Asia.

    Title/Company: VP, Enterprise Portfolio Asia at Nortel Networks in Singapore from Month: 11,Year: 2006 to Month: 3 year: 2008 doing Responsible for Asia Enterprise Business P&L and represent Enterprise portfolio across Asia.
Key focus: Drive localization of Nortel products in Asia (Asia-Pacific + Greater China). Develop/build local PLM organization in Asia. Drive incr. Enterprise revenue in key markets across Asia using custom development and new products in Asia. Full P&L responsibility with a mandate to deliver quick, unique, cost-effective, and differentiated Enterprise products to meet the Asia requirements.

    Title/Company: VP/GM, Carrier Solutions - South Asia at Nortel Networks in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India from Month: 2,Year: 2004 to Month: 9 year: 2006 doing Developed new carrier business for Nortel in the South Asian market.

    Title/Company: Director, Wireless Solutions, Asia at Nortel Networks in Singapore, Singapore from Month: 12,Year: 2000 to Month: 2 year: 2004 doing Responsible for successfully developing and supporting wireless business in South East Asia and Indian subcontinent for Nortel. During this time, successfully delivered significant wireless business for Nortel in Asia.
•	Grew India Carrier/Service-provider business from 0 in 2003 to 500M+ in 2004-05. 
•	Broke-in to several major flagship accounts in India/ASEAN in Wireless business resulting in multi-million $ contracts with new customers.
•	Winner of Circle of Excellence award & Special Achievers award for outstanding support & leadership to sales teams in helping them win significant business in India and ASEAN.

    Title/Company: Sr. Manager, Product Management/Marketing at Nortel Networks in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from Month: 9,Year: 1996 to Month: 11 year: 1999 doing Product Management & Marketing for Signaling solutions

    Title/Company: Consulting Director, Wireless Technology at Bell Canada International in Venezuela and Brazil from Month: 8,Year: 1999 to Month: 11 year: 2000 doing As Consulting Director, Wireless at Bell Canada International, led the technology setup of broadband wireless companies in South America (Venezuela and Brazil). Was one of the key executives consulting to the CEO of Genesis BCI and VESPER to support the start-up of a brand new ISP and full-services telecom provider.

    Title/Company: Manager, Design Effectiveness at Bell-Northern Research (Nortel) in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from Month: 3,Year: 1994 to Month: 9 year: 1996 doing Managed the development and production of new software engineering tools.

    Title/Company: Software Designer at Bell-Northern Research (Nortel) in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from Month: 1,Year: 1992 to Month: 3 year: 1994 doing Designed and developed revolutionary new software architecture tools.

