Name: Maru Aran (she/her)
Title: Data Impacta | Data & AI for positive impact
Occupation: Co-Founder at Data Impacta
Bio: Hello there!👋  Are you as passionate about data and applying technology for positive change as I am?

Let me tell you a little bit about myself: My journey has revolved around developing data analytics projects for a diverse range of companies over the past 10 years. However, it was during this time that I discovered the remarkable potential of data science for social good. It's a movement where data technology is harnessed to tackle pressing challenges, such as predictive modeling for healthcare facilities, environmental variables monitoring, classification models for transparency, and metrics monitoring for equity and diversity, among other impactful initiatives.

Now, at Data Impacta, we are dedicated to helping companies, non-profits, and social enterprises unlock the power of their data to amplify their positive impact on society and the environment.

If you share our vision of utilizing technology as a force for good, I invite you to reach out and connect. Together, let's collaborate and create a ripple effect of collective impact!

Looking forward to connecting and making a difference! 🚀💻🌍

Maru.-
maru.aran@dataimpacta.com

#TechForGood #SocialImpact #Sustainability #Innovation
Country: Argentina

    Title/Company: Co-Founder at Data Impacta in None from Month: 2,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing We work on data-driven solutions, supporting the change-makers who create a positive impact in their communities. || Trabajamos en soluciones basadas en datos. Apoyamos a quienes quieren mejorar el mundo.

    Title/Company: Data consultant at Self Employed in Remote from Month: 10,Year: 2019 to Month: 6 year: 2022 doing None

    Title/Company: Data Science for Social Good Fellow at University of Warwick in Coventry, Reino Unido from Month: 6,Year: 2019 to Month: 8 year: 2019 doing http://www.dssgfellowship.org/

    Title/Company: Data Scientist -  Mercado Credito at Mercado Libre in Buenos Aires from Month: 8,Year: 2018 to Month: 5 year: 2019 doing Mercado Credito

    Title/Company: Data Scientist - Big data at Telefónica Argentina in Ciudad Autonoma de Buenos Aires from Month: 2,Year: 2017 to Month: 7 year: 2018 doing None

    Title/Company: Analista funcional at Ministerio de Modernización de la República Argentina in None from Month: 4,Year: 2016 to Month: 1 year: 2017 doing None

    Title/Company: Asesora en economía at Ministerio de Economía y Finanzas Públicas in Buenos Aires, Argentina from Month: 10,Year: 2015 to Month: 3 year: 2016 doing None

    Title/Company: Business Analyst at Cisco in Buenos Aires, Argentina from Month: 6,Year: 2013 to Month: 9 year: 2015 doing None

    Title/Company: Analista económico financiero - Daytrader at Day Trade The World in Buenos Aires, Argentina from Month: 12,Year: 2008 to Month: 5 year: 2013 doing None

