Name: Monoswita Saha
Title: Corporate Social Responsibility Manager at Kyndryl
Occupation: Corporate Social Responsibility Manager at Kyndryl
Bio: Monoswita Saha is an experienced, innovative and driven leader with a track record for leading high-level projects, programs and teams to successful outcomes.  Monoswita is a problem solver who dreams big, acts with intention and is committed to fostering ecosystems for equity.  Monoswita holds a bachelor’s degree in economics and English from the University of Connecticut and a master’s degree in public administration from the Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA).
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Corporate Social Responsibility Manager at Kyndryl in None from Month: 9,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Manager, Education and Skills at IBM Corporate Social Responsibility in None from Month: 2,Year: 2018 to Month: 8 year: 2021 doing Led program development and implementation for Pathways in Technology (P-TECH), IBM's marquee workforce development model, linking underserved youth to employment pipelines.  Hired, trained, empowered, and managed an 11-person team to drive workforce development across North America P-TECH schools, impacting over 3000 underserved youth.  Drove IBM brand recognition, IBM thought leadership and activated a global network of advocates. Created and led a global engagement strategy for education, industry, and government leaders across 28 countries to drive workforce readiness and skills development to impact over 125,000 students.  Led the first global summit for over 350 global education professionals, industry leaders and education ministers spanning over 24 countries.  Launched a standard network hiring program which resulted in over 45 hires globally. Spurred innovation and grew business capacity by developing and delivering a free global professional skills curriculum reaching a quarter million users.

    Title/Company: Senior Education Program Manager at IBM Corporate Citizenship in None from Month: 6,Year: 2017 to Month: 2 year: 2018 doing Built strategic support systems to drive education and skills development across the United States P-TECH network.  Led strategic learning initiatives to empower the P-TECH network for students and educators, including annual convenings for over 100 educations professionals from the global network. Activated an eco-system to ensure sustainability of the Connecticut P-TECH network through political and budget challenges.

    Title/Company: Program Manager, Education at IBM Corporate Citizenship & Corporate Affairs at IBM Corpora at IBM Corporate Citizenship & Corporate Affairs in Connecticut from Month: 5,Year: 2014 to Month: 6 year: 2017 doing Launched Connecticut’s first IBM P-TECH grades 9-14 school, P-TECH Norwalk, and drove workforce development experience through career mentoring, paid internships and ongoing enrichment programming tied to on demand industry trends.  Developed a workforce readiness blueprint for the Connecticut P-TECH network and beyond. Led and guided the collaboration between IBM, K12, higher education, government, and business partners to scale and support P-TECH.

    Title/Company: Graduate Team Leader at Citi Group Global Commodities Research: Political and Economic Impact of Rare Earths in New York, New York from Month: 1,Year: 2012 to Month: 5 year: 2012 doing None

    Title/Company: Research Associate at Economic Transformations Group in New York, New York from Month: 1,Year: 2011 to Month: 8 year: 2011 doing Developed best strategies for biotech cluster development through research and constructing case studies focused in South America and Africa. Edited, contributed to and helped design the Agribusiness Training Module for infoDev’s 4th Global Forum for the Incubator Manager Training Program in Helsinki, Finland. Researched and created an economic snapshot of potential cluster development in Kyrgyzstan.Assistant proposal writer and editor for “Ethiopia Climate Resistant Green Economy”

    Title/Company: Manager of Corporate and Foundation Relations at Teach for America in Connecticut from Month: 8,Year: 2012 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing Led strategic planning to achieve ambitious revenue, donor growth, and retention goals.  Consistently surpassed the portfolio targets by securing between 30-35 percent of the regions operating budget. Acted as the region’s primary written voice for funders at all stages of development and corporate engagements.  Led the communications strategy for the region’s most high stakes funding events, such as the annual benefit dinner.  Expanded beyond the role to build and drive leadership development programs to empower corps members to build community relationships in four placement cities.

    Title/Company: Corps Member at Teach for America in New Haven, CT from Month: 6,Year: 2008 to Month: 6 year: 2010 doing Pushed the bar to set high expectations always and fought for students to experience a meaningful education inside and outside of the classroom.  Designed and taught the ELA curriculum for grades 9, 10 and 12, serving a student population in and out of the juvenile justice system and adult incarceration system.  Built, launched and secured funding for an extra-curricular writers workshop for grades 9, 10, 11 and 12 where students regularly performed their work in community literary gatherings. Launched, led and secured funding and special district permissions for several out of school enrichment experiences such trips to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, theater performances and hiking excursions.

