Name: Pahniti (Tom) Tosuksri
Title: Director of Product at Grounded Solutions Network
Occupation: Director of Product at Grounded Solutions Network
Bio: I'm an impact-driven professional focused on providing technical, analytical, and problem-solving skills to lead strategic, innovative organizations by delivering quality technology products. My passion is bringing people together to leverage their strengths for maximum collective impact. 

I received a Bachelor's degree in Political Science from Case Western Reserve University with minors in Japanese, Electronics, and Mathematics, and have held certifications in Homeownership Counseling, Foreclosure Prevention Counseling, and VITA/TCE Site Administration.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Director of Product at Grounded Solutions Network in Cleveland, Ohio, United States from Month: 4,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing Leading product strategy of Grounded Solutions’ signature technology product, HomeKeeper, a Salesforce App designed for homeownership and housing counseling programs. Under my leadership, overall user base and revenue grew by 50% over three years, allowing for our product to secure sufficient revenue to cover expenses for the first time in HomeKeeper’s history. Manage a team of 4 staff, spanning product management, CRM administration, training & support, and marketing & outreach.

Maintaining and improving HomeKeeper’s National Data Hub, a systematic aggregation of performance evaluation data from HomeKeeper participating organizations, working closely with research department to analyze performance data providing strategic insights to organizations and sector wide impact reports.

Overseeing Grounded Solutions’ technology operations, including Salesforce administration, Eurekos Learning Management system, Managed IT Services, cyber security, productivity tech stack and impact data infrastructure. Drive technology success through collaborative implementations of technology products with an integrated, human centered, and continuous development approach.

Participating in impact data standardization and homeownership collaboratives, including the Housing Counseling MISMO Workgroup, Black Homeownership Collaborative, and Washington State Community Land Trust Data Standards.

    Title/Company: Director of Service Integration at CHN Housing Partners in Cleveland, Ohio, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2021 to Month: 4 year: 2021 doing None

    Title/Company: Assistant Director of Strategic Innovation at CHN Housing Partners in Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area from Month: 6,Year: 2017 to Month: 1 year: 2021 doing Led Salesforce CRM implementation, budgeting, and support for 9 lines of business, 116 users with a team of 2, including HUD counseling, homebuyer readiness, energy conservation, lead abatement, crisis assistance, fundraising, and others, using the HomeKeeper CMS and other customizations. Modernized data infrastructure and integration across multiple data platforms, including Salesforce, SQL and others.

Led CARES Act response implementation, approving and disbursing $9+ million in aid. Developed end to end infrastructure from online application to check payment, across multiple lines of business and partnerships internal and external

    Title/Company: Assistant Director of Research and Evaluation at CHN Housing Partners in None from Month: 1,Year: 2014 to Month: 6 year: 2017 doing Developed economic mobility based integrated service delivery model through detailed process mapping and human centered behavioral design, aligning lines of business towards a common goal of maximizing program impact.

800 participants collectively saved $100,000, eliminated $1.5 million derogatory debt, increased credit scores by a median value of 40

    Title/Company: Special Projects Manager at CHN Housing Partners in Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area from Month: 6,Year: 2009 to Month: 12 year: 2014 doing Led federally funded Broadband Technology Opportunity Program to enable digital inclusion for 10,000+ residents. 

Managed team of 15 instructors, 3 supervisors, 40+ volunteers.

Ran largest tax site in Ohio: 7,945 returns, $11.5 million in refunds

