Name: Rastko Durica
Title: Digital Product Manager
Occupation: Co-founder & Product Lead at FosterPower
Bio: Passionate, value-driven product manager with experience leading cross-functional teams to, discover, plan, build, launch and manage great software innovations.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Digital Project Manager at Bay Area Legal Services in United States from Month: 6,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing FosterPower is an educational platform that helps educate Florida youth in foster care about their legal rights. Mobile application that provides vital information to foster youth in foster care, so they know their rights while in the state's custody. Having access to this information can change their trajectory – youth who often face insurmountable odds can now have the knowledge and resources they need to lead healthy, productive, independent lives.

    Title/Company: Co-founder & Product Lead at FosterPower in Tampa, Florida, United States from Month: 6,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing FosterPower is a movement to improve the lives and futures for youth in foster care in Florida by creating access to information for youth in foster care on their benefits, protections, and legal rights. FosterPower is a program created and managed by Bay Area Legal Services.

    Title/Company: Product Manager at OCMI Workers Comp in United States from Month: 1,Year: 2022 to Month: 7 year: 2022 doing Insurance broker and professional employer organization with a digital solution for managing and optimizing the daily human resources tasks and overall HR goals of an organization.

    Title/Company: Project Manager at EveryMundo in Miami, Florida, United States from Month: 9,Year: 2021 to Month: 5 year: 2022 doing EveryMundo provides airlines with Fare Marketing technology for direct channel growth and customer acquisition. The products increase traffic, improve conversion rate, enhance user experience, and drive brand engagement on and off the airline’s website.

    Title/Company: Co-Founder | Web Developer at Your Piece of World in Florida, United States from Month: 8,Year: 2018 to Month: 8 year: 2021 doing Digital marketing & development agency with a focus on connecting multiple different artists around the world, advertising their brand, service, or work, using different marketing channels and technologies, connecting them to the consumers.

    Title/Company: Web Developer |  Project Manager at Upwork in Florida, United States from Month: 11,Year: 2018 to Month: 1 year: 2021 doing Created eye-catching and user-friendly websites to generate web traffic and promote their clients' products and services.

    Title/Company: IT Specialist at Marriott International in Miami Beach, Florida, United States from Month: 10,Year: 2016 to Month: 3 year: 2020 doing The largest hotel chain in the world by the number of available rooms. It has 30 brands with 7,000+ properties in 131 countries and territories, giving people more ways to connect, experience, and expand their world.

