Name: Samridhi Kundra
Title: Project Manager at Blueprint
Occupation: Project Manager at Blueprint
Bio: I've been involved in various community projects leading groups of 20+ volunteers to produce conferences such as TEDxUTSC and community walks led by Grade 9's and 12's across 5 TDSB schools at Jane's Walk. As a project manager at Qaribou, a tech start-up, I manage projects and relationships with clients. I facilitate workshops and the Jane's Walk tech account. 

I'm continually intrigued by how design influences the spaces we live in and how our perception changes depending on our positionality. I'm currently on the lookout for my next community project.
Country: Canada

    Title/Company: Project Manager at Blueprint in Toronto, Ontario, Canada from Month: 4,Year: 2020 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Facilitator at Maximum City in Toronto from Month: 7,Year: 2015 to Month:  year:  doing Facilitated workshops and dialogue about city issues including Arts and Mobility in the City to high school youth. Help students create 3-D models of how they want to see their streets like.

    Title/Company: Proposal Coordinator at IBI Group in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 2,Year: 2019 to Month: 4 year: 2020 doing None

    Title/Company: Facilitator at Sidewalk Labs in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 6,Year: 2018 to Month: 9 year: 2019 doing I am involved in the public engagement and design research for the Sidewalk Toronto project and its 307 site. I am involved in user research through a number of methods including observation, interviews and interactions with the public as they engage with our urban prototypes at the 307 site. Additionally responsible for the synthesizing and analysis of the resulting feedback and data into themes that inform the team's iterative design process. I report directly to the Design Director and Programming Lead.

    Title/Company: Project Manager at Qaribou in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 8,Year: 2016 to Month: 1 year: 2018 doing Qaribou is a tech firm providing human-centered software. I creating proposal and reports, ensuring timelines are met. I facilitate workshops and the Jane's Walk tech account.

    Title/Company: Jane100 Coordinator at jane100 in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 11,Year: 2015 to Month: 5 year: 2017 doing Convening Toronto city builders to organize Jane100 workshops . Scheduling monthly meetings to discuss and execute Jane Jacobs centenary year celebrations. Liased between teams across outreach, fundraising and website development. www.jane100.com

    Title/Company: Volunteer at Scarborough History Museum in Scarborough from Month: 5,Year: 2014 to Month: 8 year: 2014 doing Conducted 100 in-person interviews with Thompson Memorial Park users to capture local opinion on Scarborough. Transcribed 50 previously recorded interviews that looked at their Canadian new-comer experience whilst being conscientious of how to store the information and ensure as little of it is being lost through time. Provided logistical support by creating schedules for 50 volunteers to facilitate day-to-day museum tasks.

    Title/Company: Vice President of Communications at Geography and City Studies Student Association [GCSA] in University of Toronto from Month: 5,Year: 2013 to Month: 4 year: 2014 doing Managed social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook, blog and organized events to get students involved with the Geography program at the University of Toronto Scarborough campus. Critiqued and edited current brochure and implemented a plan to improve it.

    Title/Company: Global Cities Coordinator at Jane's Walk in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 1,Year: 2016 to Month: 12 year: 2016 doing Organizing and facilitating Jane's Walk City Organizer workshops, coordinating travel and accommodation logistics. Collecting feedback from community workshops and organizations about better practices

    Title/Company: School Edition Coordinator at Jane's Walk in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 11,Year: 2014 to Month: 7 year: 2015 doing Supported the production of student-led environmental walks in 5 TDSB schools and discussion by communicating with project partners, stakeholders, teachers, the public, School Edition Lead and Jane’s Walk Project Office to update different actors about the development of the School Edition pilot project.

    Title/Company: Research Supervisor [Department of Human Geography] at University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 1,Year: 2015 to Month: 5 year: 2016 doing Coordinating geodatabases and payment schedules, led multiple projects between teams of ten to collect data to inform city issues in Toronto. Designed and produced a map showing cuisine in Scarborough.

    Title/Company: Research Supervisor [Geography and Planning Department] at University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 7,Year: 2015 to Month: 1 year: 2016 doing Interviewed 200+ TTC bus users at bus stops along Finch and Sheppard corridors to get a sense of what walking conditions were like. Provided ongoing quantitative feedback and updates to ensure consistency within groups.

    Title/Company: Student of Spaces of Multiraciality: Critical Mixed Race Theory at University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 9,Year: 2014 to Month: 12 year: 2014 doing Alongside with 20 students, we produced an artistic representation showcasing the intersectionality between law, labour, land and language to discuss the problematic representations of people with a mixed race identity. It was selected to be showcased at the Multidisciplinary.Intersectional.Xchanging.Empowering.Dialogues [M.I.X.E.D] Art Gallery.

    Title/Company: Research Assistant [Department of Human Geography] at University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 2,Year: 2014 to Month: 12 year: 2014 doing Working with a team of ten students, used ArcGIS, Google Maps and Excel to evaluate walkability, food distribution, building height and land use in Toronto leading to a publication, 'Choices for Scarborough'.

Led projects that evaluated walkability, food distribution, building height and land use in Toronto. Created geodatabases, split layer files and trained ten students in using ArcGIS whilst continually monitoring project progress. Produced data which was used in the Choices for Scarborough report which was a report on transit, walking and intensification in Toronto's Inner Suburbs.

    Title/Company: Director of Productions & Assoicate at TEDxUTSC in Toronto, Canada Area from Month: 9,Year: 2012 to Month: 2 year: 2015 doing Interacted with speakers, performers, host, university faculty to organize stage and production logistics for the TEDxUTSC conference which brings in 300 people yearly and over 5000 via livestream. I've hired and trained 23 volunteers and worked with them to create promotional events. Created minute-to-minute schedules for the day of the conference.

