Name: Sheryle Gillihan
Title: Growing Positive Impact. Co-Owner @CauseLabs.
Occupation: Chief Executive Officer at CauseLabs
Bio: CEO at CauseLabs PBC | B Corp | UN Global Compact | US Army Veteran | Led by Faith

Sheryle Gillihan is committed to her values and is purposeful in her work as co-owner and CEO of CauseLabs, a web agency using technology as a force for good. 

Sheryle is a purpose ambassador, a DBJ 40 under 40 honoree, a Great Woman of Texas honoree, a Real Leaders awardee, named one of Dallas Innovates Future 50, and winner of the EO Engage Global Social Impact Business award. She serves as a social enterprise advisor, a keynote speaker, a mentor, and a catalyst for positive impact.  She sits on several boards to include current roles with TCCD’s Business School Advisory Board and EO Fort Worth’s board.

Sheryle fuses her hope for a better, brighter future with over 15 years of leadership, operations, and technical management experience. Ranging from military to corporate to nonprofit sectors, her career path led her to CauseLabs in 2010, where she brought immense perspective and coordination for delivering web services for positive impact.

"I have a varied background of education, skills, and experience. My values undergird all that I do and the decisions that I make. Many of my values were impressed upon me as a military daughter, then a soldier myself, and then, a military spouse. The rest are derived from my faith, my family, and my connection with nature.
 
My passion for outreach led me away from corporate America to CauseLabs, a socially conscious web strategy, design, and dev agency using technology to drive meaningful and sustainable impact.

I love making a difference with my day to day work, and sometimes I get to witness my work in the field, which can be in the most impoverished areas of the globe. CauseLabs blends my love of problem-solving with my passion for the causes I support: equality, education, freedom, and giving voice to those who either don't have one or who feel inferior or invisible.

In my free time... Ha! We own a business, there's no 'free' time! I try to keep in touch with friends (thanks social media) but spend most of my time enjoying our ranch, tending chickens, and soon other livestock. I love gardening, traveling, and reading. I also love speaking and mentorship."

Personality Test Results: ENFJ - 4583 - 7 wing 6 - Words of Affirmation - High D, High I, Low S, Lower C - Power/Prestige - Empathetic Idealist, Social Butterfly, Gleeful Rebellion, Shared Vision, Mostly Sunny, Confident Drive, Grand Plans, Focused Ambition, and Open Arms. Hufflepuff.

My top 5 strengths are: Hope, Social Intelligence, Leadership, Gratitude and Honesty



Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Co-Owner at CauseLabs in Fort Worth, Texas from Month: 10,Year: 2018 to Month:  year:  doing Skills: AI Consultant · Public Speaking

    Title/Company: Chief Executive Officer at CauseLabs in Grandview, Texas, United States from Month: 11,Year: 2016 to Month:  year:  doing www.causelabs.com 

At CauseLabs, our expertise is in helping companies scale positive impact through strategy, design and custom website and web app development. We help our clients tackle the inequities of our world by blending our experience in technology with our passion for social good.

Technology is a tool. It doesn't solve the problem, but built for impact and in the right hands, we are helping to solve critical issues for millions around the world. Tech helps overcome challenges in reach, efficacy and funding for our partner’s missions. We’ve developed multiple award-winning platforms to increase our partner’s impact on a national and global scale, taking into consideration issues like localization, accessibility, limited device capabilities or secure implementation strategies.

Don’t need custom website or web app? CauseLabs also works with select partners on accessibility audits, website care plans and maintenance, SEO audits, program strategy, facilitation of innovation workshops, community membership sites, data visualization, impact reports, branding, and integrations for your digital ecosystem (just to name a few.)

    Title/Company: Director of Partnerships at CauseLabs in Denver, Colorado from Month: 6,Year: 2014 to Month: 11 year: 2016 doing I'm thrilled to continue evolving my role at CauseLabs and grateful that I'm empowered to focus on my passion for our strategic work and the partnerships we form.

I serve as a liaison, strategist and cheerleader (I'm serious, just look at my references) for our partners and prospective partners. I also collaborate closely with our marketing team, operations team, and various project teams.

I get to pour my years of experience and knowledge into one of the things I love most: connecting with awesome people. It's actually my job now to share my story, your story, our story and the hope we all have for the work we do together. Could it get better than this?

2014 Award: #Leadership "Your actions show who you are."

Since taking on this role, CauseLabs has exponentially increased both the number of partners as well as the diversity of impact we are making in the world - a more holistic approach to tackling poverty issues. As of 2015, we've impacted over 150M lives.

    Title/Company: Director of Partner Solutions at CauseLabs in Denver, Colorado from Month: 12,Year: 2010 to Month: 6 year: 2014 doing As Director of Partner Solutions at CauseLabs, I lead the partner solutions / management (aka PM) team and manage multiple projects at any given time. I utilize my passion for great causes to develop new projects and partnerships and serve as a catalyst for a better world. 

While project management involves scoping, scrum meetings, ticket management and burn down rate reports, my role was also to train other PM team members in these skills, as well as, leadership, operational efficiency, conflict resolution, negotiation, strategy, software development, and change management.

I created the PM workflows we still use today (2016) and selected the tools, trained and organized change management for our current resource and operations tools.

2012 Award: Most Passionate

    Title/Company: Member at Entrepreneurs'​ Organization in Fort Worth from Month: 8,Year: 2019 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: KERNEL Program Director at United Way of Tarrant County in Fort Worth, Texas from Month: 2,Year: 2018 to Month: 6 year: 2020 doing CauseLabs is excited to be working with United Way of Tarrant County’s social innovation fund. KERNEL’s primary purpose is to make significant changes in key community issues by working with a cross-sector of people, organizations, non-profits, for-profits and entrepreneurs to solve problems!

KERNEL was established in 2016 in response to investors seeking creative solutions to Tarrant County’s education, income and health issues. KERNEL exists to encourage new approaches and strategies to find solutions to these social challenges in our community.

UWTC will continue to do what we do best – partner with investors, agencies and volunteers to address social challenges in Tarrant County. KERNEL will add an innovative component to our work, providing resources and support for people and organizations that have great ideas, ideas that could truly prove to be world-changing.

    Title/Company: Co Founder at PurposeWP in None from Month: 1,Year: 2016 to Month: 12 year: 2018 doing Web Agency. Merged with Causelabs.

    Title/Company: Vice President Of Operations at V-Rooms Virtual Data Rooms in None from Month: 1,Year: 2008 to Month: 12 year: 2010 doing As Vice President of Operations for a start-up FinTech SAAS company that has more than quadrupled in size during its first five years, Sheryle oversees account management, database creation, website and marketing design, and assists with client support while continually streamlining business processes for optimal efficiency and quality services.

Specializing in virtual data room technologies within the financial, legal, health, as well as, other target industries.

Technology and Design:

Technically adept and able to troubleshoot software, hardware and network solutions. Experience with application design and the system development life cycle from initial concept through to analysis, design and development, multi-level testing and final implementation. Also designed and maintained #1 ranking website for virtual data rooms organic searches.

Project Management and Business Development: 

Proven skills in planning and executing growth strategies, nurturing opportunities and managing resources.

Customer Service and Operations Management:

Supervised all aspects of client support division including call center, email response and software distribution responsibilities. Integrated and improved the implementation of CRM software.


Due Diligence Online Employee of the Year - 2009.

    Title/Company: 98G - Arabic Linguist & Signal Analyst at US Army in Monterey, California from Month: 10,Year: 1998 to Month: 12 year: 1999 doing Training to be fluent in Arabic for translator, interrogator and national security positions.

Reason for Leaving:  Family

