Name: Tim Lockie
Title: CEO - The Human Stack

Thought Learner | Digital Transformation Trainer | Nonprofit Technology Expert & Advisor| Keynote Speaker | Tech Consulting @CEO of The Human Stack
Occupation: Chief Executive Officer at The Human Stack
Bio: I'm here to change how we change technology. With a 70% failure rate, technology implementations create widespread failure, harm, and waste. I invented a better way, and all it took was 30 years in nonprofits, 20 years in technology, 10 years as an entrepreneur, and 3 years of frustrating confusion. 

As the CEO of The Human Stack, I am passionate about evolving the humans that use technology by creating digital maturity in organizations. With over 13 years of experience as a Salesforce Certified Developer and Consultant, I have established a Salesforce Foundation Alliance consulting practice that has gained national recognition and delivered impactful solutions for hundreds of nonprofits.

I am also the founder and instructor of Digital Drivers Ed, an online community and course that turns digital voluntolds into functional CIOs for nonprofits with 5-15 staff. My mission is to empower them to confidently maintain data, manage systems, and drive digital culture, using human-centric, tech-savvy, and shame-free methods. I believe that the next big thing is human-centered tech, and I invite you to join me on this journey, and together, we'll change the world—one digital driver at a time.
Country: United States of America

    Title/Company: Advisory Board Member at NameCoach in None from Month: 1,Year: 2021 to Month:  year:  doing Assisting in advising to Namecoach CEO and staff about product and market fit in the nonprofit space and platform approaches to Higher Education and Nonprofits which included collaboration from other experts from my team.

    Title/Company: Chief Executive Officer at The Human Stack in Bozeman, Montana, United States from Month: 1,Year: 2022 to Month:  year:  doing Dedicated to evolving the humans that use technology by creating digital maturity in organizations.

    Title/Company: CEO | Founder at Now It Matters in Bozeman, MT · Remote from Month: 4,Year: 2010 to Month: 8 year: 2023 doing Certified Salesforce Administrator, Salesforce Sales Cloud Consultant, and Force.com Developer.
Established a Salesforce Foundation Alliance consulting practice which has gained national recognition.
Grew Now IT Matters from a single consultant to a small consulting firm in 2.5 years. 
Created organizational environment that highlight client relationships, staff personal and professional development, with sustainable double bottom line metrics. 
Effectively developed and leads management team. 
Established implementation process to ensure best practices in client and project management. (See "How Projects Work" glossary. 
Developed "Flight Plan" product and coined the phrase "Salesforce for non-profits is like a free 747 that doesn't come with pilots, mechanics, or a flight crew."
Developed "Assisted Admin" product to help clients with ongoing maintenance. 
Developed "Ongoing Support" product to help clients with one-off issues.
Led team that has completed over 60 successful client projects with a 9.5 AppExchange satisfaction rating.
Positioned NiM to be named one of the 20 Most Promising Salesforce Solutions Providers for 2014 and an Impact Sponsoring Partner of the Foundation.

    Title/Company: Advisory Board Member at Pond | joinpond.com in None from Month: 1,Year: 2022 to Month: 1 year: 2023 doing Advisory board member to Pond.

    Title/Company: Salesforce Applications Architect at Church Resource Ministries in None from Month: 11,Year: 2008 to Month: 5 year: 2011 doing Researched and tested over 20 system options with senior leadership at Church Resource Ministries before determining that Salesforce would be the best enterprise solution for our data and information systems. 

Implemented and updated Non-Profit Starter Pack
Worked with Consultant to establish basic data structure and security matrix
Created application and reference system and workflow
Trained and developed system administrator
Trained and managed user adoption
Negotiated special pricing Salesforce Foundation (in collaboration with Force By Design, our consultants)
Transfered over 800 staff profiles
Created an online budgeting system with conditional approvals for tax provisions
Established and implemented case tracking system for donor and staff support
Researched and established various required 3rd party applications
Worked with consultant to create a report of findings for all required business logic
Created an internal HR package to track current positions, past positions, and stages of employment
Established online document and collaboration systems within salesforce and google apps

    Title/Company: Coordinator of New Initiatives at InnerCHANGE in None from Month: 11,Year: 2002 to Month: 7 year: 2010 doing A position on the Horizons team of InnerCHANGE, this position took the vision and direction of the team and operationalized them.

Established  key networks with campuses, organizations, and groups

Developed a comprehensive approach to adding staff to existing teams

Partnered with existing organizations to host internships

Co-Created a 40 day internship program called summerXchange
- Developed all necessary infrastructure: leaders handbook, field guide book, finance routines, event hosting, ticket purchasing, etc
- Recruited, trained and coached leaders in other locations
- Deployed over 50 interns to global locations including: South Africa, Guatemala, Los Angeles, Boston, Miami, Venezuela, San Francisco, and Denver

Traveled to International locations to learn from, coach, and participate in new team launches.

    Title/Company: Board Member at ReIMAGINE in None from Month: 1,Year: 2006 to Month: 12 year: 2008 doing Extended vision and explored ways to increase organizational capacity.

