Name: Zak Kaufman
Title: Co-Founder & CEO, Vera Solutions
Occupation: Co-Founder & CEO at Vera Solutions
Bio: Zak Kaufman is Co-Founder and CEO of Vera Solutions, an award-winning social enterprise and Certified B Corporation using cloud and mobile technology to help social sector organizations track impact and streamline operations. He has worked for 15+ years at the intersection of the social sector and technology, leading program evaluations in Southern Africa and Latin America and architecting M&E, grant management, and program management systems for 80+ funders and implementers. Zak and his partners lead Vera's global team of 130+ staff across five continents. 

Prior to Vera, Zak oversaw Research and M&E for Grassroot Soccer (NGO using sport to advance adolescent health) and led three randomized controlled trials in South Africa and Zimbabwe through his PhD research at LSHTM. Zak co-founded the Journal of Sport For Development, the first open-access, peer-reviewed journal dedicated to advancing the evidence of programs using sport to promote health, development, and peace. He has co-authored numerous academic articles and presented at 40+ global health, technology, and social entrepreneurship conferences and summits.

Zak holds a PhD and MSc in Epidemiology from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, graduated Summa Cum Laude from Dartmouth College, and has been recognized as a Marshall Scholar, Truman Scholar, Forbes 30 Under 30 Social Entrepreneur, Global Good Fund Fellow, MO 100 Top Impact CEO, Bluhm/Helfand Social Innovation Fellow, and in the Meaningful Business 100. Zak holds 10 Salesforce Certifications, including Application Architect and Nonprofit Cloud Consultant.
Country: Switzerland

    Title/Company: Member of Board of Advisors, Dartmouth Center for Social Impact at Dartmouth College in None from Month: 7,Year: 2018 to Month:  year:  doing None

    Title/Company: Founding Editor, Advisor at Journal of Sport for Development (JSFD) in None from Month: 10,Year: 2011 to Month:  year:  doing JSFD is the first open-access, peer-reviewed journal focused on advancing, examining and disseminating evidence and best practices for programs and interventions that use sport to promote development, health and/or peace. Since 2012, JSFD has published 15 issues and 80+ peer-reviewed articles, with over 300,000 reads and 125,000 readers across 120+ countries. A dedicated team of volunteers launched the journal in 2011 and have managed it since. In 2016, I stepped down as Editor but continue to support as an Advisor.  Check out http://www.jsfd.org.

    Title/Company: Co-Founder & CEO at Vera Solutions in None from Month: 8,Year: 2010 to Month:  year:  doing Harnessing cloud and mobile technology to improve data systems for social impact organizations around the world. Since 2010, Vera has worked with more than 420 organizations in more than 100 countries. Vera has been recognized with Echoing Green, Rainer Arnhold, BHSI, Global Good Fund, and Dasra Social Impact Fellowships as well as in the Forbes 30 Under 30, Entrepreneur Magazine's Top 30 Startups to Watch, the Real Leaders Top 100 Impact Companies, Meaningful Business 100. I was named to the inaugural MO100 list of Top Impact CEOs in 2022.

In addition to leading a team of 120+ across five continents, I've architected systems for dozens of organizations, including PSI, Gavi, Skoll Foundation, The Global Fund, Aga Khan Foundation, Pact Inc, Technoserve, and the Elton John AIDS Foundation.

    Title/Company: Partner Advisory Board Member - Impact Subcommittee at Salesforce.org in None from Month: 1,Year: 2020 to Month: 12 year: 2022 doing The Partner Advisory Board is a council of Salesforce.org Partners and Staff dedicated to address and work on the biggest challenges we face as we serve Nonprofit and Education organizations across the globe.

    Title/Company: Global Shaper, Geneva Hub at Global Shapers Community in Geneva Area, Switzerland from Month: 1,Year: 2016 to Month: 12 year: 2020 doing An initiative of the World Economic Forum, the Global Shapers community is "a network of Hubs developed and led by young people who are exceptional in their potential, their achievements and their drive to make a contribution to their communities."

    Title/Company: Research Fellow at London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine in London, Geneva, Zimbabwe from Month: 1,Year: 2014 to Month: 10 year: 2014 doing Oversaw study design, analysis, and write-up for a 3ie-funded cluster-randomized trial assessing the effect of intervention promoting uptake of voluntary medical male circumcision in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. Two papers from the trial were published in JAIDS in 2016.

    Title/Company: PhD Researcher at London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine in London, United Kingdom from Month: 9,Year: 2011 to Month: 5 year: 2014 doing Oversaw two cluster-randomized trials of HIV prevention interventions in South Africa and Zimbabwe.

    Title/Company: HIV Prevention Technical Advisor at Grassroot Soccer in Cape Town, South Africa from Month: 10,Year: 2009 to Month: 9 year: 2010 doing Advised research, program design, curriculum development, monitoring and evaluation of adolescent-targeted HIV prevention programs across southern Africa.

    Title/Company: Research/M&E Manager at Grassroot Soccer in Cape Town, South Africa from Month: 6,Year: 2008 to Month: 9 year: 2009 doing Built and managed an online M&E system to track programmatic outputs and outcomes for HIV prevention program working across more than a dozen countries in sub-Saharan Africa. Designed and put in place M&E framework, plan, and tools for 3-year USAID-funded program in South Africa. Co-wrote over $6M of successful funding proposals.

    Title/Company: College Development Director at Grassroot Soccer in None from Month: 6,Year: 2006 to Month: 5 year: 2008 doing Directed nationwide fundraising/awareness campaign on college campuses, raising $150k to support HIV prevention programs in Southern Africa.

